1	3	a	The doses described in this report are potentially life threatening. The amount taken is beyond a heavy dose and could pose serious health risks or result in unwanted, extreme effects. Doses such as this have been known to cause hospitalizations and/or deaths. Sometimes extremely high doses reported are errors rather than actual doses used.] 
2	3	a	I consider myself an experienced experimenter.  In the past I have used benzodiazepines, opioids, opiates, a variety of psychedelics, and an array of stimulants. Many of these experiences include less common research chemicals, sometimes in unusual combinations with other substances.
3	3	a	This report is unique from most of my other experience reports in two ways.  The first large difference is that tolerance is a factor.  When planning on fully documenting an experience I generally ensure tolerance will not affect my dosages in order to provide more useful data to readers.  I will discuss tolerance in more detail shortly.  The second difference is that I am formalizing notes into this report long after the experience occurred (more than seven years after the event).  Generally, I begin the writing process in the days directly following an experience in order to have things fresh in my mind.
4	3	a	I was reflecting on this experience in a nostalgic manner a few months ago.  My memory is generally below average, but the smells, sights, and sounds of this experience flood back with very little effort.  This is what initially triggered the idea of writing about this day so long after the fact.  I figured it would be an enjoyable project if only for myself.  I knew I had handwritten notes from the experience in a journal, but I feared they would be far too sparse to put together something I was comfortable sharing with the internet.
5	3	a	After a few weeks I find my thoughts returning to this day in my past regularly.  There is no specific intention or direction of these thoughts.  I just find myself recalling the afternoon randomly, almost daydreaming.  I decide to hunt through my old notebooks and eventually the search is fruitful; I locate the pages describing the experience I have been remembering.  I am proud of myself!  The notes are far more detailed than I anticipated and there are even comments and bits of information I did not remember.
6	3	a	The journal provides important information regarding my tolerance at the time.  I am able to conclude that I was ingesting stimulants, predominantly MDMA, via various routes of administration anywhere from two to five days per week for over a month leading into this experience. The insufflated dosages ranged from 100 mg to over 500 mg at one time. On many occasions I was dosing multiple times per day. Without my built up tolerance, the dosage described in this report would have been extremely uncomfortable, and even more unsafe than it was. Without my built up tolerance, the dosage described in this report would have been extremely uncomfortable, and even more unsafe than it was. 
7	3	a	The MDMA used in the experience was sourced from a highly vetted and trusted chemist.  The material was of high quality: reagent and lab testing proved it to be true and pure MDMA.
8	3	a	It is a Friday afternoon in mid September.  The crisp cool autumn air has me energized and in a good mood.  I slept well last night and gave my room a much needed tidying up this morning.  I had one class I was supposed to attend but I deemed cleaning and vitamin D collecting more important.
9	3	a	Eager to kick off the weekend I sat at my desk rifling through a container of substances.  I already knew what the choice would be; who was I kidding.  MDMA has been the material of choice lately.  I have had the idea of a very large MDMA experience in the back of my mind for a while now.  Through all my recent usage the substance has not lost its magic, but it has certainly lost some of its sparkle and shine.  I decide to mix ROA’s at high dosage levels to try and get a real rush and liftoff to a heavy roll despite my current tolerances.  A euphoric fun time is the extent of what I hope to achieve.  My attention is drawn to round numbers, and I elect 1000 mg oral, 500 mg insufflated and 250 mg intravenous as my target intake.  I analyze the safety of this dosage using several harm reduction websites as well as consulting my recent experience journal entries.  I discuss my intentions with a knowledgeable friend.  We specifically examine the potential physical risks I might be opening myself up to.  Although tolerance is a bit of a mystery factor, I decide I am comfortable to proceed as planned.  My recent dosages (including the day before) have been increasing drastically in recent weeks, from what I would consider my normal comfortable amounts (0 – 250 mg).  I take comfort in knowing that someone is aware of my plan in case things go south and they are prepared to act as necessary to assist in my safety. I take comfort in knowing that someone is aware of my plan in case things go south and they are prepared to act as necessary to assist in my safety. 
10	3	a	I select a large crystal chunk to start with on the scale.  After some small additions the numbers settle at 1009 mg.  I take this off the scale tray and crush it up as finely as I can.  I pour the intimidatingly large pile onto a piece of single ply toilet paper and wrap up the powder.
11	3	a	I gently place the parachute onto my tongue and swallow quickly with a large gulp of water.  I am able to avoid too much of the familiar chemical taste from escaping the thin paper that is struggling to contain the pile of material.
12	3	a	I immediately turn back to the desk and begin preparing my insufflation dosage.  An exact 500 mg is settled on.  As I did before, I grind up the crystals into a fine powder.  As I cut out the line on a clean portion of desk I realize the absurdity of this dosage.  Even cut fairly fat this line is ostentatiously long.
13	3	a	I blow my nose and retrieve a fresh straw.  Committed to the cause; I sniff confidently.  I have a bit of a leather nostril from my current habits so the sting is not terribly unpleasant.  I pause about a third of the way through the line to take a deep breath.  I am already off baseline.  My mood is synthetically lifting; I’m smiling without cause or reason.  I can feel warmth starting to develop within my body.
14	3	a	I switch nostrils and complete the rest of the insufflation.  I can feel a fair amount of powder that is caked onto the insides of my nasal passages.  I fill a bottle cap with water and insufflate one capful through each nostril to aid in absorption.
15	3	a	I take a moment to wipe down my desk with a cleaning agent.  I retrieve a piece of Thera-Band (my tourniquet), a new packaged syringe, some bio-stat water, several cotton balls, and rubbing alcohol.  I lay out these items on the desk neatly.  Intravenous dosing is something I do not do often, but have leveraged recently to combat the cost of stimulant material required to achieve my desired level of effects as my tolerance increases.  I also have used this method to explore compounds I know well, and wish to know more completely.  The process still feels intimidating to me.
16	3	a	I tap the baggie once again to drop MDMA onto the scale; I begin to develop a sweat.  The window is wide open allowing cool air to flow into the room.  I feel the breeze across every goose bump on my skin.  My sense of touch is already sky rocketing in sensitivity.  I shudder as the first major wave of euphoria crashes over me.  I feel real nice.  My awareness of the synthetic nature of the effects has disappeared.  I sit and revel in this liftoff moment that feels just oh so good.  I am a solid + on the Shulgin Rating Scale and rapidly heading upwards.
17	3	a	I can feel my connection to reality slipping.  Even so, I am growing concerned that I am overdoing it.  Maybe I have already overdone it?  This will certainly be the most I have ever consumed of this substance in such a short period of time.
18	3	a	I decide to cut short of the intended 250 mg.  Instead 104 mg is ground up then stirred into one milliliter of room temperature bio-stat water.  This amount dissolves easily without strong agitation or any additional heat.
19	3	a	I wrap the Thera-Band around my left arm just above the crease of my elbow.  This is getting very real now.
20	3	a	My veins are protruding plenty; it is time to move forwards.  I pause to take stock of my condition.  No nystagmus is present yet.  I’m actually a little surprised that the effects have leveled off for a moment.  Time seems to be moving slowly but I attribute that to my nerves.
21	3	a	I open the packaging on the syringe and needle.  The MDMA solution is drawn up through the cotton ball.  I am at 100% focus as I steady my right hand with the tip of the needle hovering just above my median cubital vein about an inch and a half below my elbow’s crease.  I insert the needle at a shallow angle.  No pain or other sensation is noticed as I break the skin.  I register the plunger backwards and an immediate swirl of crimson in the barrel tells me I have successfully accessed the intended vein.  Using my teeth and left hand I awkwardly loosen the Thera-Band until it falls to the floor.  I administer the injection over 10 seconds.
22	3	a	The moment the plunger is completely down I am all business.  As quickly as possible I remove the needle and place it in my temporary used needle storage container.  I wipe the injection spot with rubbing alcohol and press a fresh cotton ball over it.
23	3	a	I let out a large sigh of relief.  I think I’ve achieved proper sterility and safety measures.  The process is over. I let out a large sigh of relief.  I think I’ve achieved proper sterility and safety measures.  The process is over. I flop onto my bed glancing one more at my phone to document the time.
24	3	a	With my mind now free from the clenches of anxiety, nerves, and intense focus relating to the IV dosage, I realize a tidal wave of MDMA is roaring through my body.  I am feeling a rapid release of cares and worries, something that typically accompanies MDMA ingestion for me.  Most notable however is the physical sedation.  I can barely lift my arms from my side.  Not that I would ever want to – I feel perfect.  Beyond perfect.  I blasted past perfection what seems like ages ago.
25	3	a	I’m not rolling though.  Perhaps I’ve gone past that.  I really don’t feel stimulated at all actually.  My eyes are wide open, I can feel that: there is no need to check a mirror to know my pupils are extremely dilated.  Even so, I feel more like curling up and relaxing with a vinyl playing than I do dancing or partying.
26	3	a	I didn’t have any pressing concerns or worries prior to ingestion but somehow I feel massive emotional relief.  An all-encompassing knowledge that everything will be all right dominates my thoughts.  A wide grin is plastered across my face.  I roll my head slowly from side to side.  I flex and stretch my appendages, arching my toes and clenching my fists overhead.  Goddamn I feel amazing.  Every inch of me is radiating euphoria.  My forearms and chest have a strong buzzing sensation that emanates from my innermost core out towards my skin.  This internal glow is not dissimilar from a strong dosage of morphine or oxycodone but there is not even a hint of nausea or other discomfort of any kind.
27	3	a	I don’t feel hot or sweaty but I’m losing touch with my body.  As the internal physical pleasure continues to build I notice that I can no longer feel the breeze.  I’m becoming numb to external stimulation.
28	3	a	My mind caves inwards.  My thoughts are not racing or scattered as I had expected.  Instead I am processing thoughts slowly.  Almost molasses paced.  Maybe I’m thinking fast but disconnected from time?  I can’t really tell.  I don’t really care; I can’t really care.  I’m feeling a strong disassociation between my mind, my body, and the outside world.  All three seem to be their own separate thing.  I am aware each exists, but can’t connect information from one to the other in a normal or efficient fashion.
29	3	a	I notice an unsettling silence developing.  It’s not as though my hearing is muted like when underwater or using earplugs.  There is literally not a sound existing in the world.  Maybe time has frozen and thus no sound can occur?  I’m reeling underneath an ocean of sedative pleasure as I try to put together a coherent analysis of my condition.
30	3	a	I turn my gaze out the window.  A beautiful oak tree sits just outside my window with some of its branches reaching out above me, resting on the roof.  I feel intimately connected to this tree, the squirrel I can see scampering along the branches, the air, the fluffy white clouds that dot the bright blue sky, the sun; all of nature seems like a part of me.  My mind, body, and outside world are molding together in new ways.  The outside world is forging with my mental being while for now; my body remains on its own, separated.
31	3	a	The beauty of the nature outside the window is blowing my mind.   I am overwhelmed by the raw energy and emotion circulating through the air, exchanging between myself and landscape outside.  I am not seeing any physical manifestation of the connections being formed, only feeling them in my emotional core.  The ideology that “humankind is one with nature” is making more sense than ever before.  I can’t even say that I am amalgamating with the trees, bushes, dirt, and air because the sensation I am experiencing is more a realization that I have never been different or separate from these things.  I don’t literally think, “I am the same thing as a squirrel or tree”.  Rather, I am simply more aware of our similarities in existence than our differences.  The feelings of oneness and interconnectivity bring me happiness and a comforting sense that I am never alone in this universe.
32	3	a	I am entering a state of pure relaxation.  This is going beyond the “everything will be okay” sensation that I often feel on MDMA or benzodiazepines.  I can’t comprehend negativity and have no interest in worries about the past or future.  I am only processing the “here and now” as it drips past.  The concept of time has melted away to the point that I can’t grasp the concept of a “now” or a “then”.  A moment is eternity; eternity is a moment.  As such, I am incapable of thinking of the past or the present.  I can only witness what is happening in each moment | eternity as it occurs.  This is a blissful state of existence.
33	3	a	I lean my head and upper body out the open window, which has no screen in it.  The complete and utter silence remains.  Even my movement on the bed produces no sound.  As I gaze outside my breath is taken away as the first visual effects of the day take hold.
34	3	a	Static visual noise: a shimmering of black, silver, and grey akin to an old television set with no signal, is growing stronger and stronger.  The effect is covering everything I see.  Each leaf, the ground, the walkway, and even the air is somehow wrapped in semi-translucent static.  The visual noise grows in intensity and each block of static grows larger, pixelating my vision to increasingly lower quality resolutions.  The static is starting to play tricks on my mind.  Is it white or is it black? Is it a large number of small pieces or just a few big chunks?  The latter of those questions really starts to become a difficult inquiry as the noise increases to the point that it is hiding objects behind it.  Objects turn into shapes, which are then further disguised as my depth perception pops them in and out of the vibrating background.  I feel like I can’t focus my eyes correctly and have the sensation of each eye focusing in a different direction. I am overwhelmed and hold begin to hold my breath as I wait to see what happens next.
35	3	a	I am pleased to see the static bits becoming more granular; the world is re-emerging from behind the veil.  As soon as I let out a sigh of relief, I must once again suspend my breathing.  Everything in my visual field is draining of color.  The saturation is slowly disappearing.  After about 30 seconds I am viewing the world in monochrome.  Only blacks, whites, and greys remain visible.  I pull myself back into the room and find my black and white room concerning.  This doesn’t feel like any visual I’ve ever experience before.  It is so real and authentic.  There is no breathing, patterning or other effect: just a complete lack of color.  The only other minor difference is that my vision is soft; the edges of objects are not as defined and sharp as normal.  A brief worry flashes through my mind: did I really fuck up?  Am I overdosing right now?  I’m a strange mix of excited, scared, and confused.  My concerns are legitimate; I know that I’ve ingested a potentially dangerous amount of MDMA and currently my eyes can no longer perceive color.  That is not normal and seems like a bad sign.  Even these serious concerns don’t overpower my positive attitude.  I know I should be concerned, but I’m having trouble not being intrigued by what I am experiencing.  I am oddly at ease with the extremity of the effects; this lack of worry is clearly an effect of its own.  There is a moment where I debate with myself whether I should contact my “remote sitter” to provide an update and get a sober opinion.  My gut tells me I would know if this was a serious health concern and I elect to put off the phone call and see how things develop.
36	3	a	I lie back down and look out towards the Oak Tree once again.  The beauty of the monochromatic nature scene is astounding.  The blacks are as pure as the depths of a midnight sky and the whites as crisp and bright as newly fallen snow shining with the sun’s glare.  I peer around, inspecting the view outside my window top to bottom and left to right.  As I shift my gaze around I have the surreal sensation that I am in a black and white photograph.  Nothing seems to be moving or changing besides the focus point of my vision.  It is hard to place my finger on the proper words to describe how I feel but I feel like I am not a “being” in the world any longer.  I seem to be a piece of this new world that feels almost two-dimensional and three-dimensional at the same time.  Shifting my gaze around seems to move my physical body around the scene it is taking in.  My physical position doesn’t necessarily feel as though it is maneuvering or changing position, but I seem to gain a new perspective or vantage point as I shift the focus of my eyes.
37	3	a	The world, and the way I am interacting with it, is stupendous.  I feel very at home and comfortable in this oddly familiar, yet foreign version of existence.  Taking in what my eyes are showing me feels more like viewing art than it does existing in what I have come to know as my first person point of view.  The gradient, or transition, from black to white is so perfect that I almost cannot comprehend the polarity of the two colors given how well they blend together. The gradient, or transition, from black to white is so perfect that I almost cannot comprehend the polarity of the two colors given how well they blend together. 
38	3	a	The concerns about overdoing the dosage have melted away.  I still cannot feel my body.  In fact, I am not really aware of its existence.  I am also not very present in my own “first person” mind.  The “me” that is currently melted together with the nature in front of me, is not “me”.  This is not the same “ego-death” I have experienced on other substances before.  I’m more present than that, if only by a sliver.  In this second-hand existence my “I” (whatever I am), consists of my vision and a highly altered version of my mental being, but not my hearing or physical body.  Inside this monochromatic world there is only silence and a physical sedation that is so strong I cannot register sensations of touch.  There also seems to be no time here, at least not in the linear measurable sense of hours, minutes, and seconds.  All I know for sure is that time feels timeless: simultaneously endless and instantaneous.  My visual field contains almost no movement of any kind.  I don’t get the sense that my vision is frozen, but the scene outside my window is eerily still.  I haven’t seen a person or car pass by.  Even the breeze has disappeared, leaving the foliage suspiciously stationary.
39	3	a	Although time is a foreign concept to me, I estimate I am colorless for a total of 3-5 minutes.  Slowly, color begins to return to my vision.  It looks like someone is gradually increasing a saturation filter on my visual field.  About halfway through the transition from black and white to normal color vision, a process that takes several minutes, I distinctly notice the first instance of motion in quite some time.  A small bird glides silently through the air in front of me.  Witnessing this silent path of flight marks a progression from one stage of the experience to the next.
40	3	a	I continue to soak up the present.  I don’t care about checking the time, as this relates to “future” and “past” thoughts – something I still don’t have desire for, but am more capable of now, should it be required.  Euphoria is ever so slightly leaking back into my mind.  This is my first measurable awareness of my physical and mental body reconnecting since things went colorless.  It’s not overpowering, or even intense, but it is powerful.  This is one of the most spectacularly pleasurable moments of my life.  Certainly ranking near the top among the chemically induced experiences.  The simplicity, cleanliness, and purity of my happy contentedness are ineffable and immeasurable in their endlessness.
41	3	a	My awareness of “I” has comfortably returned.  I lie motionless, allowing my eyes to drift between open and shut.  Whenever I have my eyes open they seem to navigate themselves around the scene directly outside my window without real purpose.  I’m lost in bliss.
42	3	a	I register the voice and break from my trance.  I slowly focus or open my eyes (I can’t tell which) and find myself looking at my roommate Jean-Ralphio.
43	3	a	The concern in his voice is obvious, but I don’t understand it.
44	3	a	“Y e  a     h “ I respond  slowly.  “W   h     y       ?”
45	3	a	Jean-Ralphio informs me that he entered the room over a minute ago and greeted me.  After I failed to reply he asked several times if I was okay.  I have no recollection of these inquiries; I would have bet anything he had just walked into the room when I snapped out of my trance.
46	3	a	I informed Jean-Ralphio that I had taken “a lot” of MDMA with a dopey smile draped across my face.  I assure him I am feeling fine before I lie back down  on my bed and close my eyes.  No visual effects are present but I return to a trance-like state almost immediately.  My mind is unusually calm and thoughts flow through my mental space at a manageable pace.  In fact they float into my mind at a relatively slow tempo, slower than when I am sober.  Topics of thought are unfocused and not particularly noteworthy.  No revelations are arrived at.
47	3	a	My eyelids are not interesting or colorful.  I see a formation of dull rainbow colored circles rotating slowly when my eyes are closed.  The circles emerge from darkness and then fade back into the same cloudy obscurity.  I don’t care to pay much attention to the dull shapes.
48	3	a	My focus is drawn to my physical body.  I haven’t been paying much attention to it since prior to my visit to the monochromatic world.  Suddenly I am very aware of it.  Aware is a mild word; I feel like I am shaking with pleasure.  Full tilt, unbridled euphoria thunders through me from head to toe.  Despite the enormity of these feelings, they still feel manageable.  Concerns of dosing too aggressively have essentially left my mind completely.  My special connection to nature is diminishing but I have tremendous connection to the world outside my brain: every person, plant, and animal are my siblings and friends.  I’m overwhelmed with happiness, joy, and love.  As cheesy and cliché as this sounds, it’s exactly how I feel.  There is no synthetic nature to my positivity – I feel like I have come out of a cocoon of anxiety, worry, and negativity.  An entrapment I was unaware I was being restrained by.  By no means have I been in a poor mood lately, but in this moment I am realizing I have forgotten what pure happiness feels like.  I bask in the sunlight that is now perfectly shining through my window, soaking up the rays and the perfection of this moment.
49	3	a	I am grounded enough to check the time: a habit I traditionally try to keep when taking notes during an experience.  I scribble a few comments down about the past hour.  My handwriting is messy and my spelling questionable.  There is no frantic rush to get down every minute detail (I often try to do this on a wide variety of substances).  My written comments focus on the big picture; broad and clear thoughts such as “Be happier more often – just choose to be.”  The simplicity and absolute correctness of these thoughts are existence-shaking in a very positive way.  I couldn’t be in a better mental place than this.
50	3	a	I decide to sit up and see how being upright and mobile feels.  I have not had any water since prior to ingesting the MDMA and I know I should start hydrating.  I stand and walk downstairs to fill a glass of water without any discomfort or difficulty.  I step outside and take my first sip.  Wow, I am thirsty!  The coolness of the water combined with a light breeze felt across my exposed legs and upper body makes me shudder with pleasure.  The breeze across my chest makes me realize I have lost my shirt since the beginning of this adventure although I can’t recall when or where.
51	3	a	After drinking two large glasses of water I return upstairs and begin chatting with Jean-Ralphio and another friend who has stopped by.  Conversation is not as addicting as I often find it when on MDMA.  I excuse myself and sprawl out on my bed. I reflect on the experience thus far.  I’m shocked by how s l o w it has been in almost every regard.  Time seems expansive; the sober morning feels like ages ago.  My thoughts and general state of being are pleasantly lackadaisical.  I slip smoothly from active thinking to a mental state where I’m empty headed.  I drown out Jean-Ralphio and our friend Jerry without effort.  A medium-pitched tinnitus buzzing noise assists me in my efforts to not hear the conversation in the room.  I don’t meditate often and don’t know if I’ve ever achieved a completely meditative or Zen state.  I imagine it is similar to what I exist in now.  Time seems to disappear in chunks that I cannot define the size of.  A second passes but it feels like several minutes.  Next I find fifteen minutes has melted by in the blink of an eye.  I’m aware of the continuing glow of euphoria within my body but I’m not focusing on it.  I’m physically still, not fidgeting as I sometimes do on stimulants.  I’m essentially in a trance – letting the MDMA soothe my mind and body.
52	3	a	I emerge from my introspective focus to once again join the conversation that is taking place in the room.  I‘m startled by the fact that I had not been physically hearing the words being spoken for the past 30 minutes or so.  This went beyond a “normal” ability to tune out things.  When I tuned out and drifted into my personal zone the sound in the room actually disappeared: it went to zero and I was transported to my own little bubble of pleasure and happiness.  I find this slightly unsettling, but mostly intriguing and enjoyable.
53	3	a	My mood is impeccable.  I love the authenticity of my emotions right now!  My ego is slightly inflated – I feel enlightened and am aware of my newly acquired clairvoyant abilities.  I feel incredibly in tune with both Jean-Ralphio and our other friend, reading every tiny facial cue with a higher degree of skillfulness than normal.  I no longer feel the intense physical interconnectivity to nature although I am acutely aware of what I perceive to be “absolute truths”: simple yet grand idealistic concepts such as “If I maintain awareness of the big picture; nothing should ever be worth stressing over.”  I have the intrinsic sense that I should be teaching or demonstrating these ideas.  The universe’s functionality is obvious and clear to me.  What I consider to be the crux of existence, “how to live life happily”, is no longer a mystery.
54	3	a	I later was able to confirm with Jean-Ralphio that I was never rambling, preaching, or acting too far out of the ordinary.  According to him I was a bit more reserved and quieter than normal.  He did note that I spoke at a slower pace than normal which mirrored my interpretation of the experience.  Rather than feeling lit up and speedy, I was seemingly elevated beyond stimulation to a meditative condition where things felt best when slowed down and processed in utmost peace and tranquility.  My thoughts and my speech reflected this attitude in their lowered tempo and volume.
55	3	a	I put on some music and find it pleasant, as long as the tempos are slow and the genre is relaxing.  The actual sounds and tones of the music (mostly low-tempo electronic) seem more exact and pure than when I am sober.  Typically on MDMA my mood adapts to enjoy whatever music is on.  I am struck by the fact that only this specific niche of music is enhanced and attractive to me at this point in time.
56	3	a	The intensity of the experience has dropped down from the peak it reached in the first few hours following ingestion.  I still feel deeply under the influence but in an enlightened and natural way.  I’d classify this as a very unique and strong +++ on the Shulgin Rating Scale.   I’m calm and not feeling overwhelmed or over simulated in the least.  I feel incredibly peaceful in my mind, body, and movements.  My physical body is wrapped up in a beautifully balanced mixture of sensations.  There is a warm flow that emits from my bones and pushes slowly out to the edge my skin.  On the surface, my arm hair and skin are hypersensitive but not uncomfortably so.  I possess no excessive energy.  Sedation swirls through my veins and saturates my muscles.  My comfort is ultimate not matter if I am standing, sitting, or lying down. My eyes focus normally and I have no nystagmus.
57	3	a	The effects my body feels are steady and constant.  There is no pulsation, no coming and going of intensity.  Much like my mental state, the sensations are even keeled and steady, although very strong.  Strong is perhaps the incorrect word.  Deep.  Powerful. Magnificent.  These words seem closer to correct . . . and yet none seem to capture the collaboration of delicacy and sheer mightiness of what my body is feeling.
58	3	a	Time continues to march on without me paying much attention to it.  I feel like preparing the dosages at my desk happened ages ago, but at the same time it seems to be only moments since I embarked on this journey.  I make my way downstairs to once again refill my water.  My motor skills are normal.  No difficulties or enhancement can be definitively felt.  The air feels thick as I move through it.  My temperature is fine, and the air is cool, yet somehow I have the sensation of extreme humidity: the air molecules are more tangible than normal as I pass through them.  I drink a large mug of water and then refill the vessel to bring with me back to my room.
59	3	a	I’m well past the peak of the experience now for certain.  The intensity of the effects is hard to judge.  I’m not really “rolling” and I feel more relaxed than I do stimulated.  In that sense, especially in comparison with the first hour or so of today’s venture, I’m somewhere near a +.  In comparison to my true baseline self however, I’d certainly place myself at a minimum of a ++ and likely at a +++.  The intensity is smoother and calmer than I ever anticipated.  I liken it to moving water.  I was expecting to get tossed by the frothing white crashing of waves, like the rapids of a river’s surface.  Instead I find myself in the grips of an ocean’s depths: slower paced, yet tremendously more powerful.
60	3	a	My arm is cramping from writing notes about the experience into my notebook.  I pause to rest my muscles and take a sip of water.  The last hour has passed in a “normal perception speed”: not seeming fast or slow.  I am feeling continually closer to baseline.  Much like a full-fledged DMT blast off experience (or any other high intensity psychedelic experience), the effects after the peak are strong compared to sober, but pale in comparison to the height of the experience.
61	3	a	As the relative intensity decrescendos I find it less important to keep detailed notes.  I am simply repeating myself and not gleaning any new perspectives.  I continue to talk with Jean-Ralphio until he leaves to attend a night class.   I have no appetite or strong desire for social interaction outside of my close friends.  Based on this, I decide to not go out for dinner and opt instead for mild conversation and a beer with one of my good mates (who also lives in this house) who has arrived home.
62	3	a	I made several notes throughout the evening following the last timestamp included in the report.  I ended up staying awake until about 3:30 AM [T + 13:11].  Given my previous experimentation with MDMA I was surprised at my ability to sleep so early without using Z-Drugs, benzodiazepines, or excessive alcohol.  I consumed around six beers during the course of the evening (nothing unusual for me around the time this experience occurred).  I never felt much of the traditional alcohol effects but I did detect some extra physical sedation.  As I alluded to above, the effects of the MDMA had a long slow decline.  I chose to not elaborate fully on my evening (past the last timestamp) because I don’t believe there was anything particularly unique or useful for others to read.  Detailed commentary from 7:20 PM to 3:30 AM + 1 would have been several additional pages that I believe would have provided little to no additional data.
63	3	a	The next morning I did not experience any negative hangover type effects.  In fact, I felt well rested and filled with positive thoughts and feelings.  Stress was nowhere to be found.  I continued to experience abnormally high levels of happiness and abnormally low amounts of stress for over a week.  Anhedonia was not present during this elongated “after-effects” period.  I felt almost the exact opposite.  I was motivated and engaged in both physical and mental activities.  Most notably I found myself mentally rejuvenated: excited to be a positive force of energy in every interaction I encountered.
64	3	a	After this experience I took two weeks off from MDMA usage.  The break felt healthy and I didn’t experience any cravings to take more during this stretch of time.  My next MDMA ingestion was documented in my notes at 250 mg and I had a darn good time.  No loss of magic was felt and my tolerance seemingly dropped back down to nonexistent.
65	3	a	During the experience I did not take my temperature.  My body felt flushed at times and chilly during others.  I was feeling hot for the first hour and a half and then after hour three I felt a bit chilled.  My pulse did elevate but I never became truly concerned.  I checked my pulse a number of times throughout the afternoon but only properly measured and documented it twice.  Once at 135 BPM at T + 00:41 and again at 104 BPM at T + 02:17.  Both of these are notably high for me.  My sober resting heart rate is around 65 BPM.  At no point did I have any chest pain and irregular heartbeats.  My breathing  remained normal throughout the experience.
66	3	a	Overall I am surprised by the presentation of the intensity of effects.  While truly “record setting” on my personal scale, the effects were deep, powerful, and insightful.  There was no fast paced “rolling”.  I do not believe tolerance kept me from the jaw-clench, chatterbox, overly lovey sensations, or regrettable “under-the-influence decision making” that often occur when I take medium to high-level dosages of MDMA.  It felt more like I got in the fast lane of the euphoric stimulant superhighway and blew past my previous “all time highs” with this substance.  The surpassing of previous thresholds was so quick that I found myself immediately transported into a one-of-a-kind transcendental form of existence.
67	3	a	The duration and comedown were also surprising to me.   The lengths of each portion of the experience were not as extended as I anticipated.  The overall experience did not last much longer than when I dose far lower.  The two departures from my normal MDMA “effects intensity chart” (duration on the x-axis and intensity on the y-axis), were the intensity of the peak and the rapidity of the come-up.  The peak of the intensity was more concentrated than many other previous MDMA experiences (regardless of ROA).   Rather than an extended plateau at the height of intensity I seemed to have a relatively short “top of the mountain” moment that was followed by a marked downward trend towards baseline.   The second difference was, my departure from baseline was lightning quick during this experience.  Before the administration of my second dosage, I was well into a + level experience [T + 00:07].  Upon completion of administration of my third dosage, I was essentially at a +++ experience [T + 00:29].  These are far faster than my typical departures from baseline with this substance.  I attribute this to the combination of high dosages and the intravenous route of administration.
68	3	a	Despite, or perhaps because of, the faster acting (insufflation and intravenous) routes of administration on my second and third dosage events, I never felt the oral dosage ratchet up the extremity of effects.  I suspect some of the “ocean depth” power was a result of the large oral dose.  I hypothesize that without the first dosage, the experience may have been more pushy and stimulating.
69	3	a	I had hoped for and expected a heavy roll when I set out weighing and ingesting this dosage of MDMA.  Instead, I received a slower paced and far more meaningful experience.  The visual effects at the beginning of my afternoon were some of the most unique I have experienced on any substance.  The mental condition I found myself in for the duration of the experience was equally special.  Years later I reflect on this day and observe pangs of desire to feel this way again.
70	3	a	Will I do it again?  Probably not.  I don’t like to say things definitively, but unless my life course changes drastically I doubt I will ever develop the tolerance for MDMA to make such a dosage remotely safe or enjoyable.  With less tolerance, I have attempted to replicate the magical mental space I achieved during this experience at smaller, safer dosages.  Several of these attempts were enjoyable, but they were much more “standard” in their qualities (high energy, big euphoria, conversation fiending, music enhancement, insomnia, etc.).  Other attempts were uncomfortable both physically and mentally, leaving me paranoid, dehydrated, and feeling like I poisoned my body.  I tried to find the sweet spot, the point where I skipped over traditional “rolling” effects and reached the beautiful enlightened space I found myself in during this experience, but never succeeded.  I either fell short or went too far into uncomfortable intensity.  Although I did not scientifically titrate dosages while resetting my tolerance to try and duplicate this experience, I sense this afternoon was, in many ways, unrepeatable.  This experience was a perfect concoction of time, place, tolerance, material quality, set, and setting.  The unrepeatability, rather than the intensity or anything else, allows me to categorize this as one of the few personal experiences I would label as a ++++.
71	3	a	I will never forget the experience described in this report and I hope to continue to draw inspiration from it in the future.  In some ways that fateful afternoon where I skipped class to ingest powders reset my personal scale for happiness and interconnectedness between other people, the planet we live on, and myself.  I’ve experienced relief from anxiety and stress through a number of substances before but this provided more than temporary suppression of negative feelings.  This obliterated them to the point that I was able to re-realize how wonderful living can be.
72	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
73	3	a	This is a really lovely experience I had this July 5th. 
74	3	a	About 8:45 pm I ingested 90-100 mg mdma in a glass of water. At the same time my brother drank a tea made with 4 grams of shrooms. This tea did not agree with him, so after puking violently, he decided to go for a walk, leaving me alone with a friend of his who was visiting. I had met this guy, but didn't know him very well. I could already feel the mdma coming on strong, a mere 20 minutes into my voyage.
75	3	a	I sat quietly, thinking about (and worrying about) my brother, hoping he was doing alright. This friend of my brothers (we'll call him M) offered me some fresh jalapeno peppers in lime juice he had prepared, and I accepted. As I sat masticating his offering, I asked him if he had ever tried mdma before (BTW, he was not then on MDMA or anything else). He told me had, but that it had been during a bad time of his life. This led to us (two near strangers) discussing our respective forays into the darker areas of our psyches for long periods of time, and our methods we had used to heal ourselves and move on. We both concluded that these experiences, while extremely unpleasant, had been valuable and important. I felt a real connection to him.
76	3	a	At this time, my brother returned, feeling much better for having taken his walk. He loaded a bowl of cannabis and we went outside to smoke it, while M went home for the night. We sat outside, my brother smoking and me just sitting there enjoying the beauty of the night. He told me he was feeling better and tripping now, and I told him the mdma was definitely working for me. I felt really good, really alive and keyed in to what was going on around me and inside me. The hyperaware feelings I get on 2cb were present. And while it wasn't precisely visual, I did get the odd 'tracer' and everything looked really wonderful.
77	3	a	We decided to walk to a nearby park where my brother could play his drum. After the short and pleasant walk over there, we sat down on the grass to chill. Almost as soon as we sat down, I saw a brilliant shooting star. I was awed, and considered it a good omen.
78	3	a	My brother started playing his drum and it sounded really cool. He claims to have no real sense of rhythm, but it sounded very evocative to me. When he would pause, we talked.
79	3	a	We discussed our relationships, past and present. Our parents, and their unfortunately narrow reality tunnels were a prevalent topic. I told him how lucky I thought he was to have such a wonderful family (his wife is the coolest woman in the world, and he has a new baby). I even told him some things I had never been able to talk about (including one little piece of information I had not previously admitted even to myself, though as soon as I said it , I knew it to be true). Our discussion ranged over a number of topics, including my exwife, his trouble with coping with full on psychedelic experience, and my ambitions to write. It was an incredible, irreplaceable conversation, and I have mdma to thank for it.
80	3	a	After a while, we got up and walked back to his house. The mdma was tailing off, but still had a definite presence. His wife asked me what I thought of the experience so far (she had returned while we were out at the park), and I proceeded to enthuse about it. 
81	3	a	About this time, my brother asked if I would like to smoke a bowl. Although I like to try new things 'clean', the trip had tailed off to almost nothing, and I felt I had a clear understanding of what the mdma experience was, so I decided to partake. He loaded his small glass pipe several times as we all three sat outside and discussed life, the universe and everything. I noticed that the cannabis seemed to add a visual element to the remains of the mdma. In the moonlight of the porch I detected very prominent 'patterning' over everything, and when I closed my eyes, I was greeted by visions of a very cartoonish nature. Bright colors, smooth textures. Maybe more like computer animation. I was pleasantly stoned and content to watch these patterns and shapes slide around behind my eyes.
82	3	a	About this time we all headed for bed. I lay in bed watching these cartoons and listening to They Might Be Giants, which seemed to go very well with the cannabis/mdma pictures, until sleep overtook me.
83	3	a	I found this experience to be very positive and enlightening. I found the empathogenic vector to be very pronounced, almost overwhelmingly so. I would be wary of being that opened up in inappropriate circumstances. Upon waking the next day, I was a little 'wrung out', but not to the degree I had been warned I might be.
84	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
85	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), General (1)
86	3	a	Prior to this experience I have experimented with a variety of other substances. My favorite drugs are the psychedelics and marijuana. I am also a fairly regular stoner. I was under the premise that I had “rolled” three times before this. But the pills must’ve been pretty low quality, they were nothing compared to this. 
87	3	a	It all started when I was invited to a huge rave by a new friend I had met at a party in the past weekend. I was really excited because I had searched for the rave scene for years as well as some good molly and has thus far been unable to find either. I didn’t even know that molly existed until the last summer, from Bonnaroo. I live in Houston and another friend of mine told me that he would be getting a new shipment of pure MDMA from California, something I was very much looking forward to. 
88	3	a	The day of the rave arrived and the MDMA had not yet, arrived, so I was frantically scrounging for an alternative up to the last minute. I promised myself I wasn’t going to settle for rolls, having a few pretty mundane experiences on them and being ripped off several different times. I got off of work at 8:00 pm and waited for my friends, H, S, and J to come over so we could all leave in my car. J and S were trying to get some other rolls but there didn’t seem to be much hope. H came over, and ended up waiting for S and J for 2 hours, but they were stoned and had gotten in trouble with S’s parents so they ended up not being able to go at all. I started out my journey pissed off I started out my journey pissed off because of their unreliability and the fact that we weren’t going to be able to get some molly. 
89	3	a	When we got to the rave, which was located at this huge indoor theme park called the Funplex, we met up with H’s sort-of boyfriend, D, and some of his friends. They were drunk and already dancing around a little. I was determined to have a good night sober, despite all the setbacks. I wandered around and was jammin’ a bit, but wasn’t much into it. I decided to try and get some molly right there, asking around a bit. I finally ran into a guy who said he could get me a capsule. I know its dangerous to get drugs from random strangers, but I had a good feeling about the guy. He was rolling himself and told me that he was determined that I would have a good time to. He took me to this room where there was a rollerskating rink and I purchase a white capsule for $20 from his friend. I didn’t want to spend that much, but I was willing to pay it with no other alternative. I immediately swallowed the pill. 
90	3	a	During the next hour, I began feeling like I was coming up. Everything felt a little strange, like there was a new perspective and my movements were more pronounced. it was kind of an uneasy feeling, I wasn’t sure what would happen next. Finally, within a second, I was just there. I felt utter joy and happiness in the moment and was ecstatic to be there. I grinned and told H I was finally feeling it. I was so happy and just wanted to dance freely. I was so parched and was also really glad that I had smuggled in my camelbak with 3 liters of water. 
91	3	a	About this time, I ran into the guy that was to be my rave buddy for the rest of the night. We just ran into each other and started talking. We learned we had A LOT in common (both half-greek, hippies, love to sing and write poetry, etc.). He was rolling too, and for the first time. Even though this was my 4th time, all my previous experiences were pretty mundane compared to what I was experiencing at the moment. I was so pleased with humanity, with our capacity to love and care for each other, with beauty and art and truth. I felt free and the dancing was unleashing my joy and manifesting it so I could share the experience with everyone. I decided that everyone should try rolling, at least once everyone could feel this way. I understood so much more of my purpose, of what was truly important in my life. I dropped all judgements and personal biases and just delighted to share in the company of my fellow living creatures! It was a beautiful feeling indeed. I expressed my desire to share my experience with H, but I knew she wouldn’t really understand, couldn’t. I loved her so much. She was really my best friend, and she was so loyal to me, promising that she’d stay with me for the duration of the rave. 
92	3	a	C, the guy I had met, introduced me to his friends, all of whom were rolling also. There was something so incredibly beautiful about sharing in the experience with all of them. There was something so incredibly beautiful about sharing in the experience with all of them. We were all smiling wildly and I knew I loved them also, loved the whole wide world. I also knew they could feel it too, and I rejoiced that they were as happy as I was. I was also really enjoying their company, though I had the urge to stretch and meditate and was generally introverted at this point in my life. I ended up just stretching anyways, and touched me toes effortlessly, holding them for what felt like 5 minutes. This is normally pretty difficult for me and causes pain, but at this point it felt amazing. C asked me if I wanted to go rollerskating with him and I decided it would be fun, although I had never done it before. I got my skates and decided to massage my feet before I put them on. I guess I was holding up my new friends, so they offered to massage my feet for me. I ended up with a guy massaging each of my feet, and it was the best-feeling massage of my life. H and D came up to us after awhile, they informed us that they had finished skating and we had been sitting on the floor for an hour. I couldn’t believe it, it had only felt like 15 minutes max. 
93	3	a	Finally we got up and started skating. It felt awesome, gliding across the floor. I had a little trouble because I wasn’t used to it, but C guided me. We had a great time and then rejoined D and H, who were on the dance floor grooving to some hip hop techno beats. The words of the song consisted of “hey bitch get out the way” repeated incessantly. I am very sensitive to the lyrical content of songs, especially when tripping or high, and I began to feel very uncomfortable. I asked my newfound friend, C, to join me in a different room which was filled with an amazing light show. 
94	3	a	We continued in this manner for the rest of the night, experiencing different rooms and sensations which were infinitely wonderful in this vision of MDMA bliss. We rode a ferris wheel twice, which was simply amazing and I felt as excited as I had when I had ridden as a child. The whole experience was perfect and I had never before felt so good. One exception was for a moment, in which I became intensely paranoid and felt as though all these new relationships that I had developed under the influence of this drug were fake and everything I was experiencing was a lie. This lasted for less than a minute and then everything returned to bliss again. I danced the night away and at 5 am we decided to leave. I hugged and kissed C goodbye and H and I left to find my car. I was coming down but was still feeling it mildly. I got into my car confident that I could drive but definitely feeling a difference in perception. On the highway, I felt as though I had become ONE with my car, and though I was unable to read the odometer or street signs, I instinctively felt where and how fast to go. 
95	3	a	Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. Don't do it!]  I arrived at my Dad’s apartment at around 6 and we resolved to crash. I couldn’t sleep for awhile but lay in bed awake for hours before drifting off to sleep. 
96	3	a	When I awoke at around 3, I felt refreshed and experienced no adverse after effects or depression. As a matter of fact, I carried an afterglow of warmth and positive feelings towards the world for almost a week after this experience. 
97	3	a	Sadly, since this I have rolled about 3 times more, with no comparable results. The molly must have been low quality or badly cut, because my recent experiences haven’t even been very euphoric or fun. I realized that C was not in fact destined to be as close to me as he was that night, and I soon lost touch with him and many other new “friends” I made that night. I soon lost touch with him and many other new “friends” I made that night. Raves now seem somewhat fake and bizarre...kids rolling themselves into a fantasy world in a vain attempt to escape troublesome reality. Badly cut pills and unscrupulous greedy dealers have also disillusioned me greatly. 
98	3	a	I may roll again, if I can be assured of the quality of the MDMA, but I have seen some of my friends mildly “fried” from too much ecstasy. The question of neurotoxicity is not well enough researched and possible damaging consequences may rule out my desire for future experimentation. I must admit, aside from my current uncertainty, this night was probably the most fun I have ever had.
99	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
100	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Glowing Experiences (4), Rave / Dance Event (18)
101	3	a	My decision to try MDMA was strictly for therapeutic purposes. I used pure MDMA crystal (tested) in all 3 experiences. The setting was inside my home. On the last two experiences, I prepared with blankets, meditation music, ginger tea and ginger candy drops. I fasted the night before and had dry toast before taking the dose.
102	3	a	Physiologically, my system doesn’t tolerate any type of drug well, so I knew to plan accordingly. I took no prescription drug on the day of or the day after my experiences. Hypersensitivity of the nervous system is normal for me. I’m planning to do one more session in about 6 weeks and that will be the last for MDMA. Even though I do not tolerate MDMA well, so far, the therapeutic results have been worth it for me.
103	3	a	I maintained my normal daily supplements of 400 mg of magnesium, 5000 mg of vitamin D3 and 3 grams of fish oil the entire time. 
104	3	a	Alcohol: Occasionally. Only one or two cocktails or wine with dinner, maybe 10 times per year. I’ve never had a desire for it.
105	3	a	LSD: August 16, 2015 - Dose 2/3 of 100 mg blotter. Also, two cannabis caramel candies and ¼ of a cannabis brownie. An experience for separate report. Very bad trip that lasted for 12 hours. Extremely dizzy for a week. It took 2 weeks for complete normalcy. Introspection later in the month revealed new perceptions for me. In a nutshell, a trip to “hell” launched my journey to healing my life.
106	3	a	Rx: Adderall, prescribed for past 15 years. Rx Dose: 15mg-30mg, 4-5 days per week. I normally take only 15 milligrams 4-5 days a week.
107	3	a	I experience hypersensitivity to all drugs. I experience hypersensitivity to all drugs. I can’t even tolerate two Tylenol tablets (non-prescription) without getting sick.
108	3	a	Mild Hypoglycemia, low blood pressure (resting 92/54)
109	3	a	Perimenopause (symptoms present, periods still regular)
110	3	a	Dose: 70 mg pure crystal - Licked small amounts from the palm of my hand every 30 minutes over a 2-hour period. 
111	3	a	I felt chilled and just wanted to sit very still on the sofa. The colors of the golf course were vibrant (the view from my living room) and everything seemed nice as long as I remained very still. Any movement on my part incited light waves of nausea, but no feeling of a need to vomit. The most comfortable position was lying on the floor curled up in a blanket. I felt cold the entire time. House temp was 74 degrees. The experience was very pleasant and introspective, but not euphoric. It lasted a total of 3 hours. I didn’t notice any come down effects the next day. 
112	3	a	Prep: Fasting overnight with water; dry toast before dose, No Rx
113	3	a	The come-up came at 45 minutes. I felt a huge wave of nausea and panic followed by the feeling of being struck by lightning. For about 3 seconds, I experienced a mild seizure. It felt like the breath had been knocked out of me, my head went back and my body went limp. I collapsed and my sitter had to catch me to keep me from hitting the floor. It felt like I had just been knocked out with an invisible hammer. The nausea intensified and I vomited a small amount. With the sitter holding me up, I sat on the cold tile bathroom floor for about 10 minutes until I had enough strength to move.
114	3	a	My whole body was limp. It felt like I was tranquilized. I crawled from the bathroom into the living room and laid on the floor in a fetal position with a blanket. After about 10 minutes, I was able to sit up and lay my head on the sofa while sitting on the floor. My arms just dangling from my shoulders like they weren’t attached. I stayed in that position, moving only to changes sides, for around 2 hours. I enjoyed a warm feeling and the vibrant colors of everything around me as long as I was perfectly still. My head and body felt extremely heavy. It was an overwhelming effort to make the slightest move. Even moving my eyes would bring on the nauseous feeling again. I felt appreciation for things I usually take for granted. I felt like my family issues had workable solutions. The introspection over the following days was much deeper than I’ve ever felt. My system simply cannot handle the “jolt” of coming up on a single dose of 100 mg. Perhaps it’s dangerous for me to force it by taking a whole dose at one time. I feel there is therapeutic benefit for me in doing this again. I will try graduated dosing the next time. 
115	3	a	I did not notice a significant “come-down” in the following days. I was unusually tired and slept more than normal, but felt great mentally. I did not notice a significant “come-down” in the following days. I was unusually tired and slept more than normal, but felt great mentally. The following week, I noticed my perspective about everything changing (for the better). It took a whole week for me to feel completely back to normal physically. 
116	3	a	Prep: Fasting overnight with water, dry toast before dose, no Rx
117	3	a	Dose: 110 mg pure crystal, divided and taken once every hour for 4 hours. 
118	3	a	I took 25 mg each hour during the first 3 hours and 35 mg for the last dose. The come-up each time brought on a short wave of anxiety. I stayed on the sofa with blankets for the entire experience. I listened to meditation music and focused my thoughts on issues I wanted to sort out. I felt best when not moving around at all during the experience. I also felt better with my eyes closed. The last dose of 35 mg rendered me limp after a more intense wave of anxiety. My body stayed limp for about 45 minutes while feeling great mentally. I ate ¼ of a cannabis brownie at approximately 3.5 hours. This sort of ruined the clean comedown for me. Cannabis tends to produce a “dirty” feel for me, so I will not use it again in combination with anything.
119	3	a	Jan 3rd: I feel tired today, but good. My plans for the day are to cuddle up on the sofa with blankets and recuperate. Eyesight is shaky.
120	3	a	Jan 4th: I resumed taking 15 milligrams of Adderall this morning. It appears that I now have an increased sensitivity to Adderall. Increased heart rate (more than before). I’m having what feels like a “mini” MDMA experience. The kind other people describe when they’re having an actual MDMA experience. I want to write a letter to everyone I know and tell them how much I appreciate and love them. I feel a vulnerability I’ve never felt before. This euphoria wore off two hours after taking the Adderall. I ran errands later and went to a friend’s birthday drop-in early evening. I’ve developed a “cold” which I never get. Eyesight is better, still not clear.
121	3	a	Jan 5th: After taking 7 milligrams of Adderall, I feel similar to yesterday, but not as dreamy. I get very tired after doing the simplest of tasks. I’m now taking vitamin C for the cold and it seems to be much better. Introspection is at its highest today. Motivation to actually do anything is zero. Eyesight is better, still not clear.
122	3	a	Jan 6th: I feel an increased heart rate and lethargic after taking only 7 milligrams of Adderall. I have no motivation to get anything done outside of my house. Still taking vitamin C.
123	3	a	Jan 7th: Another day of not getting anything done except research and reading which do not count when I’m supposed to be working. Feeling like I’m totally exhausted. Taking vitamin C. 
124	3	a	Jan 8th: Took 7 mg of Adderall. Tired most of the day. I was finally dressed and ready to run errands by 3 PM. I went to the grocery store and returned exhausted. 
125	3	a	Jan 9th: Only 10 milligrams of Adderall gave me a short, mild panic attack while in the shower. I had to get out and lie on the bed for 5 minutes. The only reason I’ve continued to take the Adderall is due the extreme lethargy I’ve been feeling since the experience Jan 2. Another day at home on the sofa. After doing some research, I believe I’m further exhausting my adrenal system by taking Adderall. I will not take it for the next week so my body can recover. Mentally, I felt “cloudy” most of the day.
126	3	a	Jan 10: No Adderall today. Last night, I felt like my head was beginning to clear. Today, I’m still physically tired, but better than previous days.
127	3	a	Feb 12: I'm even more sensitive to several things now including hot spicy foods, which I loved before taking MDMA. My tongue is very sensitive. Good side effect: I'm taking very little Adderal now.
128	3	a	Due to the negative effects of the physical intolerance I seem to have with MDMA, I prefer mushrooms for therapeutic use. 
129	3	a	I would love to see more research on the effects of MDMA in women during perimenopause. Fluctuating hormone levels may have some effect on the experience.
130	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
131	3	a	MDMA (3) : Alone (16), Therapeutic Intent or Outcome (49), Guides / Sitters (39), Retrospective / Summary (11), Combinations (3), First Times (2), General (1)
132	3	a	I am a Freshman in college. I have done ecstasy 4 times before, all in a quiet setting with one other friend. To me, it is not a drug to go to if you just want to have fun. This is the precious drug you should do rarely to keep its magic, keep the experiences their own. I smoke weed pretty regularly so I know how such common experiences over time slowly mesh together, and being high on marijuana feels more and more normal feeling. Maybe a familiar second mind.
133	3	a	I have been wanting to do ecstasy again for awhile. I am losing myself, just for a few hours, I want to feel the power of thinking I know the answers to it all. I want to feel free with my words, since I normally have trouble explaining myself. I want to not be afraid of myself. I have so much stuff to deal with, I don't think it would be worth it to do with another person. I think I would actually scare them or hurt their feelings in some way. Anyone, no matter how close to me, I know if I were to be completely open to them, I would hurt their feelings right away. I just moved to San Francisco with 3 other roommates. I thought this trip home, and a night with my parents gone would be a perfect opportunity. After taking an afternoon nap, I wake up at 7 and decide that I definitely want to do E. 
134	3	a	Now when I was doing it, I was trying to do the typical time interval reports that people write all the time. Briefly listing effects at the moment and then going back into it. Actually, it turned out to be quite different. You can see exactly how talkative and fast my mind was going at the time from the pills, and I am hoping by my raw writings, you yourself can actually be in the experience from my shoes. And there are some personal things mentioned in this. I NEED to emphasize that in order to truly understand someone else's experience, you need to know exactly what kind of mindframe they are in. What EXACTLY is going on in their life, what is PUZZLING them at the moment? Ecstasy is more than just saying 'I see pretty colors and feel alive'.
135	3	a	___________________________________________________________________
136	3	a	8:50 -- Took 1 red rolex pill…disappointed that I’m not feeling much after 55 minutes except for slight daze
137	3	a	9:45 -- Took 1 pill…waiting for the one moment of realization that I am coming up fast, but wasn’t a second ago
138	3	a	10:10 -- Started effects…it was smooth coming up, I assumed this was the peek of my experience and was little disappointed, but feeling good at the same time
139	3	a	Turn off TV, want to stretch, feeling calm, but not much, pet cat, hugging like another person, get something to drink, feeling it more, not thirsty for my half empty opened soda I started to reach for, get water instead, I usually don’t like water so much,  amazed with rainbow in glass of water, get camera
140	3	a	Feeling it more, put on sweatshirt, want to socialize, text friend, want to be alone, ANXIOUS YET CALM, lay in couch zoning, feeling “SMOOTH”, motivated to do homework instead of watching tv, but distracted by good feelings and wanting to sit and think
141	3	a	Want something really bad, yet satisfied, I can give myself anything I want, I need to think to myself what can make this so much better. It is within myself to make this a really good experience, what do to what to do. I need to write I need to analyze but how but how 
142	3	a	I need to move, I need silence, I need to talk to someone, but I need to spend time by myself
143	3	a	I want to listen to music but it would be overwhelming
144	3	a	Drinking water amazing, taking artistic pictures of glass
145	3	a	Breathing deeply feeling good, big gulps water choking but amazing [I was so excited with how good the water felt, I tried to drink a lot in one fast gulp. Every time I did this, I would have to cough a little bit afterwards, but water made me feel alive and pure]
146	3	a	Fingers feel smooth, feels so good to type, I can type so fast with making few mistakes I just want to type and type and type ahhhhh
147	3	a	I don’t know if I want to talk to someone they might make me lose my train of thought but at the same time I want to connect with someone so bad I’m so confused yet I understand everything.  
148	3	a	It feels so good to close my eyes and move my teeth. This would be perfect opportunity to do my analysis paper, I really want to do good in school, and I really want to work on my paper, and its about a band I feel passionate about so it should come easily I should do it yes yes yes.
149	3	a	Warm, I want to connect with people. Before taking the pills, I wanted to be by myself and analyze myself, I was afraid of how I would open up with people if I talked to them. But now I really want to talk to someone. I feel I can really make them feel good
150	3	a	Look into cat with confused face trying to think of what he is thinking
151	3	a	I thought I was at my capacity 20 minutes ago and I was a little disappointed
152	3	a	One freewrite, one documenting my experience, one working on my essay. The one to document my experience has turned into my freewrite. But then I really don’t want to talk about personal stuff to the world, so I guess I will switch writing documents right now haha
153	3	a	Colors getting brighter before my eyes, I feel so complete
154	3	a	I want to do write 3 things at once, I really want to do good in school, this is the beginning of my life! What am I doing procrastinating!
155	3	a	Ahh neck so warm! So warm! Feels so good. Illusion corner of my eye of glass turning colors and molding.
156	3	a	Feels good to grind my teeth a little. So soft yes.
157	3	a	My house is so nice! It is a castle! So many colors. The ceiling looks yellow. Such bright colors so beautiful! So much depth. I don’t know what to think. 
158	3	a	Eyes jerking warmth I want to talk to my friend. He gets off at 11 I can’t wait. But I need to think by myself. 
159	3	a	My brain my head feels like its jerking a little side my side it is so happy this is the best way to spend Saturday by myself. I don’t feel bad at all anymore that I didn’t see any friends. This is amazing.  I shall talk to someone on the phone in a little bit when he gets off work, but they are not over at my house so I don’t have to worry about making them comfortable and I can get off the phone any time I want. Being at home I don’t have to worry about where I am and how I get home. I can just be happy. Taking break from writing, just staring off into space want to feel instead of think. 
160	3	a	Trying to think of what to say about it. Only thing I can think of is “complete“. I don’t want to do anything else. I can’t think of anything that could make me any happier right now. Being with people, being anywhere, doing anything, just sitting here, I am feeling anything I could feel anywhere else. Words flow so easily. Usually I have to think of how to word myself best, I think so abstractly, but the abstract meets real life right now and I can just flow so fast. I can’t believe how fast I am typing. My teeth are grinding, every once in a while my eyes do crazy things and have a mind of their own. I think I am even higher than I was before! 
161	3	a	Omg new peak! It is now 10:45 omgomgomgomgomgogmgmgogmgomgomg
162	3	a	I hate how I am such a valley girl but I don’t know how to best explain myself
163	3	a	I don’t care if this is the same document anymore
164	3	a	I just want to write I want to be free I live so abstractly in my mind I am so introverted why why why vibrations all over my body what the hell I don’t know what to think.
165	3	a	This is the most intense trip I have every had I do believe I do I do
166	3	a	Before I had to worry about what other people thought of me and worrying about expressing myself without hurting their feelings. Wait I didn’t care at the time, but now I really know I don’t have to care about the after effects. I am soooo glad I did this . I was afraid of being stupid when I bought the pills but this is the best thing ever. Drugs are good every once in awhile. Why must people look down on them? If you are the right person, you should really do them every once in awhile to connect with yourself. I really changed my life after the first time doing ecstasy
167	3	a	Oh no Power from laptop when out I lost tack of time
168	3	a	Went to go get the power adapter but wanted to enjoy the experience without writing. 
169	3	a	Teeth grinding more, feels so good to move. Lay on the floor, feel body movements, I want to enjoy the moment, not the fact that I want to write more. Eye jerks quite amazing. So much warmth in head. Hair feels so good against my cheek. 
170	3	a	I need to find a way to feel amazing but not need sex so much. Connect with myself and not other people. Concentrate on myself. I know I am self absorbed, I need to please other people, but don’t use sex as an instant way to please both. Get better at compliments, care more about other peoples lives. You care so much about your own life experience and what you need. What others think of you. What about other people? We’re all in this together
171	3	a	Head feels like its pulling itself inward hair follicles feel amazing
172	3	a	I really really want my friend to call me when he gets off work I really hope I didn’t scare him
173	3	a	I could do anything right now. I want to work on my English essay. I really want to do my math homework I need to find a description on the internet to how to do this since I don’t have my book with me, I want to analyze this website for my English essay. I can do really good analysis right now. I want to talk to someone. Want to write about what I’m feeling. I want to do 10 things at once. I want to talk to someone. Want to write about what I’m feeling. I want to do 10 things at once. 
174	3	a	It surprises me how people go to raves and dance. I guess that’s what extroverts are into doing, but I guess this confirms the mystery of if I’m an introvert or an extrovert. I am an introvert who likes to please other people, but feels awkward doing so because I am so introverted. Because I am introverted, I care what people think of me. I get lonely so that’s when I want to see other people. I don’t like having millions of friends because that’s just too much work! I want to have time to myself! You can‘t get deep with so many people at once!! I like having few friends. Then again, I worry about calling them so much. I worry what they think of me. They are introverts who are subtle and just like to have normal lives. I want to enjoy the extremes of life. I think I scare them. I attach to them because I want to be close to people. I really hope that I don’t suffocate them. I moved away from home, yet I have to talk to them so much. 
175	3	a	Friend just called me. Breathy tone to voice I guess I thought I  could sound somewhat normal but I guess not. But I don’t care. Oh god I hate high/drunk calling so much. But this is different. It is not “omg I am bragging that I am drunk and I want you to hear how stupid I sound so you can see how drunk I am.” This is “I really want to connect with you but I don’t think I can handle you being right here with me because I need to handle what is going on with myself right now. “
176	3	a	My friend just called me, he was checking in on how I am doing. He told me to call him in 10 minutes. He really cares about me and its so sad how I can’t give the same thing back to him. Why why why. He is a beautiful person.  Don’t care what other people would think of me if I went out with him. That is what I am worried about. Also living long distance. Those are the pathetic relationships. I need someone right there with me. Not on the phone. Not thinking of when we can travel to see each other, not phone sex. But I don’t think I could fully give myself to one person. I can’t connect with just person. I can’t find someone perfect enough to fit myself into. I guess I could, but I find myself so multifaceted, that there is always something about that person that bothers me. 
177	3	a	This person who I am about to talk to I really do feel comfortable with. I am just afraid of being with one person because I love the joy of being with lots of people and not having to give an emotional part of myself up. The emotion all for myself. I want to make them happy too, yes, but it is different to have two people happy together as one, and two people simply being happy at the same time. I just cannot do that give any of my own love to someone else. I feel lost. 
178	3	a	I love the feel of my hands typing. I love the feels of my legs slowly moving . Typing is so complex yet I can do it so well. It is stupid, but I am secretly proud of being a super fast typer. Being self absorbed, I have to find something that makes me feel super good about myself. Typing is that. Although its not necessary for life, it is something all my own .I am the one recognized in computer classes for how fast I type. Even writers marvel my technique.
179	3	a	I love the feel of my teeth grinding. I just slid off the couch onto the floor to feel more comfortable. I am so so glad I have the house to myself to completely fill the house with my energy and move around it freely without worrying about outsiders thinking I am doing something so wrong.
180	3	a	Its ironic, this feels so right, at my age more people should do this. But so many people abuse it so it gives it a bad name. The media just wants people to be the same and to support them. Old ideas just stay. Its so sad. In the future, when people get older and our generation are the people controlling the media, I wonder what it will be like. Oh wow I just realized on on the third page how the hell did that happen is this all my typing? Holy shit. I think it has been ten minutes to call my friend. I have no idea about time. I have completely lost track of time. Okay, looking at the clock, has it been either over an hour or just 20 minutes can‘t decide….looks up that writing. Oh my god. It has been an hour AND twenty minutes. So does not feel like it.
181	3	a	I don’t want the effects to go away. I really hope they stay. Time to call my friend yet? No idea, checks phone of when he called me. I don’t know if I want to call him or keep typing. I really want to work on school too. I want to do 3 things at once, and yes I feel like I can. Thinking of putting this on erowid. I hope it can stay on there. Most people just have the clean dry effects and what they feel. But I think if I put this up, I could really put someone in my shoes. Isn’t that what browzing drugs on erowid is about? Why haven’t more people done this? Do they get deleted off? Do people just not care about hearing people’s personal lives? I think in order to truly understand a persons experience is to understand the life that it is linked to, because other wise?
182	3	a	“Oooh teeth grinding, feeling alive  talking with lots of people, time goes by fast” What does that mean to an outsider? It means nothing. If you really wanted to learn the effects of a drug, you could do that on any website that simply lists drug effects. But if you really want to know how it feels and what goes on, you NEED to know WHAT exactly is going on with the person at the time and the SPECIFIC realizations that they are finding about their lives. Otherwise, it is just covering the surface. Yes I do realize, people look back on experiences two years in the past and can’t really do that, but I am going to change it. I really really hope this makes it, I want to spread this to the world! I want to encourage people to do the same thing I am. I want them to analyze myself. Not with logic, but with the whole feeling too. I think you need a drug to bring the feeling to an understandable level in order to analyze it.
183	3	a	If you analyze off of a drug, then you can go in circles and drive yourself crazy. I try to google psychology stuff on the internet to analyze myself, but that’s so dry from a book, and from studies. We are such  individual people, that we need to not worry about the averages and percentages of the normal person, and be confident with our own analysis. Everything makes sense right now. I want to call my friend now. Give him insight. Probably wondering what took me so long to call him back.  I really don’t want to get away from writing, but here I go again being introverted and self absorbed that I want to analyze myself. I need to connect with another person. Live. 
184	3	a	I hope I don’t say anything too wrong. But just letting flow. I should trust myself. And that shall happen. 
185	3	a	Grinding teeth, jittery eyes every once in awhile, want to move body in slow motions, I CANNOT picture anyone going to raves and dancing on this thing. I would really want to be able to have a laptop and  write. What people should do is get a big group of people together, and not worry about dancing or anything. Have a room for people to type on their laptops, a room for people to talk, a room of music and dancing, but not something where you feel forced to do one event. You can talk to strangers. I think those can be the best people to talk to because you haven’t picked them out to make them your friend, that can lead to quite “cookie cutter”, or expected results, at the same time, they don’t know background information about you, you don’t have to worry about what you say to them, how they think of you. 
186	3	a	Sometimes conversations [on ecstasy] can get so deep with friends that you don’t feel bad about what you were talking about at the time, but you feel so bad later. They opened up what they think of you and what drives them crazy and that just leads to hurt feelings. Talking with people you don’t know can get rid of that fear and do what we need to do everyday….feel connected with people we don’t even know. Just walking down the street, we’re all in this together. Everyone has their own life story, yet we only think of them as the person who delivers our pizza, the person who does nothing but deliver mail, the person who is a genius at math and has this godly ability to solve any problem in the universe in front of the classroom. But you never think of their personal lives. Imagine, if you could put a number to events, an have every person in the world and anyone that ever existed, into one comprehendable thing, and could count HOW many experiences there are. Okay, you can’t  count experiences, but if there was some way to measure it, imagine just HOW intense that would be!!
187	3	a	Why do we forget things? Humans are so complex, and we only use a small part of our brain, why can’t be REMEMBER everything perfectly? Why whyy why? Is it apart of needing learned ideas [subconsciously remembering experiences that effect you, but you don‘t know where these feelings or ideas come from]? Is the reasoning apart of keeping the answers to life a mystery? I want to be able to experience things over again. I want to go to my normal life on Monday and be able to feel this all over again, but it will only be a memory and a bunch of written jargon and the wish to take this drug again. 
188	3	a	But instead of doing the drug again, I need to find a way to reach this point within myself. That is true happiness. Feel free and open. Crazy people are probably the happiest people alive. Especially if they don’t care what other people think of them. If you are insane, in you are narcissistic, in your mind, you have it all and that is plain beautiful. Then again, worrying about other people, it makes other people comfortable. Its so complex to help other people and yourself and the same time. I have trouble finding a balance. I feel bad that I don’t open the door between me and my roommate. I don’t want her to feel bad or like I am shutting her out. I am not used to being so close to a person, I don’t like having to think of things to say to people all the time. I like to think with feelings and abstract ideas. I like to analyze, I like to enjoy my own being without conforming to what is socially acceptable. 
189	3	a	This is so amazing I have the whole house to myself without worrying about other people finding me like all the other times in the past. This is the highest I have ever been. I think I shall call my friend now. He said 10 minutes it is now….HA 50 minutes what the hell?
190	3	a	_______________________________________________________________
191	3	a	So after that, I called my friend, and we talked on the phone. I eventually had him come over because it seemed so hard to communicate simply through voice. I wanted to be in his presence and have him fully understand me, and I wanted to spread my love and not be selfish. He stayed on his cell phone as he drove to my house. He seemed to make it very quickly. We talked in my backyard. I took my pants off and danced and rolled in the wet grass in my thong. It felt wonderful to be so open with a person. When he stood up and I was on the grass, I felt uncomfortable, like we weren't connecting anymore, so I would keep telling him to sit back down and look at me. I was still in my crazy phase of the drug.
192	3	a	Coming down, we went in the house and had a deep conversation. I saw a part of him I have never seen before. He started to cry. I felt bad I was triggering this in him, and for once I really felt like I was connected with him. I tried to open myself to him, but right around this time, I felt myself coming down more and more and afraid of hurting his feelings in saying 'I don't think I can handle a relationship with you, and I don't think I could even try. But you are still the greatest friend I have'. Little depressed. He fell asleep on my couch, and I just watched for an hour and a half, thinking. I could not sleep. I did not want to share such an intimate thing with him--even though we already have sex. I eventually tell him it would be a good idea if he left. We kiss, he leaves. I feel relieved yet empty. I fall asleep at 6:30 in the morning, and feel well rested by 10.
193	3	a	As I write this at 12:30pm the day of the experience, my teeth are still grinding slightly, and very mild hallucinations, especially from looking at a light or a screen, and looking away.
194	3	a	To sum it up, I hate to see such a beautiful thing go. I think I can be more open to my emotions with other people. I have identified my own problems without being afraid to hear the bad side of myself. Now that I can see how objective I can think and how open I can be, this should give me hope that I have potential to do this in everyday life. I just need to find a way to get there without drugs.
195	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
196	3	a	MDMA (3) : Alone (16), Relationships (44), General (1)
197	3	a	The experience I am about to describe is not my first with MDMA but is definitely my most intense and the highest dose I have ever taken. My few previous experiences were pleasant, but this one came with a mixture of emotions, mainly airing on the negative side. I am writing with a fresh perspective, as the experience occurred yesterday.
198	3	a	To set the scene: my friends and I had planned to attend an EDM concert on a boat (extremely fun in theory) and had had high expectations for a long time prior. Many of us listened to the artist and we would be celebrating a friend's birthday - something fundamentally very positive. A few drawbacks, however, made this experience stressful from the get go: 
199	3	a	1. Only a few of us were planning on taking MDMA - which I will refer to as 'rolling' in this piece - with the rest of the group either adamantly adverse to the drug or apathetic towards it. Because many people did not take the drug, they did not realize how the drug would affect us which may have skewed their impressions of us while we were rolling. 
200	3	a	2. My friend's (whose birthday it was) girlfriend was planning to come with us. My friend was planning on rolling while her girlfriend fell into the category of those adamantly adverse to MDMA. She debated whether or not to take the pill up until the moment we took them, ultimately taking them. 
201	3	a	3. I had been harboring negative feelings toward a good friend in the group for a while, but had repressed the feelings and given her the benefit of the doubt for behavior I found questionable or unacceptable. I will call her Miranda* for the sake of anonymity. 
202	3	a	4. Our group was an odd mishmash of everyone’s friends, and friends of friends, from various places meaning that many of us had not met before. I am typically skeptical of new people and shy around them.
203	3	a	The energy was generally good when we entered the boat. Spirits were high and everyone who wasn’t rolling was drinking. Members of our group were generally positive.  Miranda was repeatedly making snide comments and jokes about the fact that we were going to take molly, but I just brushed her aside telling myself I would ignore her and enjoy the music once the drugs kicked in.
204	3	a	The crowds on the boat were pushy from the start, and our friends were situated right by the bar. I hate being cajoled, especially when I am rolling, and like plenty of room to dance and do my thing. Because of the crowds, my friends were also repeatedly separated throughout the night. 
205	3	a	The six of us that were taking MDMA took the pills at 8pm on the dot. I didn’t begin to feel the effects until the main artist came on, at which point they whacked me in the face. I had never felt such a strong rush of a drug before. At first, it was great. I was with another friend, Jan* who was rolling with me and the music sounded amazing. It took over my body completely – I felt as though I had no choice but to move in sync with the music. As Jan and I danced to the opening song, however, a man grabbed her from behind and started dancing with her aggressively without permission. I hate this whether in an altered state or not. She pushed the guy away and he didn’t seem to respond at first so I pushed him away from her, too, and shielded her with my body. The vibe, from there, changed. 
206	3	a	I could no longer focus on the music. It was almost dull and uninteresting to me. I needed water. I was suddenly so thirsty. I never remembered ever being so thirsty. I went to grab a water and ran into a friend, Lizzy*, in the line. She took one look at me and pulled me aside. I honestly didn’t realize how overwhelmed I was by everything until that point. We didn’t even need to verbally communicate for her to know that there was something wrong. She fed me several waters, each of which I thirstily gulped down, repeatedly asking for more and seemingly sweating it out all at once. 
207	3	a	Suddenly the crowd on the other side of the bar looked like somewhere I didn’t belong. The crowd didn’t carry a negative vibe, but I was uninterested and frightened at the prospect of joining them. It made me very uneasy to picture myself there. The music, too, was not fun and beautiful and giving me reason to dance as it had very briefly. It was just background noise to all the rest of the crazy shit that was happening. 
208	3	a	Lizzy walked me to a nearby bench where I could feel the ocean breeze, gulp down some necessary water, and take some deep breaths. She told me to look out at the ocean. I did. It was surreal – the city lights were so far away, smudged across the scene like they were moving fast. They were beautiful, in a sort of messed up way that I couldn’t wrap my brain around. Something disturbed me about the lights. I became cognizant of the fact that we were on a big globe floating in space, perfectly balanced to sustain life, and I began to cry. 
209	3	a	“It’s so crazy that there’s so much in this world,” I said, unable to capture the magnitude of my emotions in my words. I cried and hugged Lizzy. I felt in that moment that she was like a beautiful angel to me, the sweetest soul I had ever encountered. I hugged her so tightly and apologized many times for her having to hang out with me instead of listening to the music. She told me not to apologize, and that she had just been downstairs for a while because she, too, had been overwhelmed by the crowds and music. I couldn’t stop telling her how much I loved her, how amazing she was. I thought about everyone I felt this way about and sobbed. 
210	3	a	The ocean breeze, though lovely, became too cold for me quickly. I was shaking and I wasn’t sure if it was from the drugs or the cold, but it was probably both. Lizzy and I migrated downstairs, where a few people were listening to a different, smaller artist. There were no crowds and the space was basically empty. We sat on a bench far from other people, where I wouldn’t worry about people judging me or questioning me. 
211	3	a	The music downstairs was weird and trance-y not the type I usually listen to, but it meshed well with the scene in front of me – a dim lit, nearly empty room, existing below the commotion of upstairs, seeming nearly unaware of it. The ancient lights dangling from the wall were an eerie, unnatural yellow, perhaps aged by years of being turned on and off for cruise-goers. The ceiling was webbed with pink-colored pipes, all criss-crossing over one another in a precise manner. The room felt alive in a weird way. I felt as though I was melting into it, becoming part of the strange vibe it was emitting. 
212	3	a	“You’re smiling,” Lizzy told me, smiling at me, clearly excited at the change of mood. I realized then that her pupils expanded nearly to the edge of her irises and that my teeth were grinding. 
213	3	a	“I feel good,” I said, laughing, “I feel weird.” And I was okay with feeling weird. I put my hands out in front of me and opened and closed my fingers. I liked the way it felt.  It felt like I had regained some control and that I was able to become one with my surroundings, however odd they were. This feeling didn’t last long. 
214	3	a	Miranda and a friend of hers who I hadn’t previously met came over to my friend and I. “The show is over,” Miranda said very factually, seemingly apathetic toward this news. People began trailing down the stairs, off the ship. We had docked. She then noticed me, with what I would later observe in the mirror to be wild eyes and grinding teeth. 
215	3	a	“What’s wrong with you?” She asked. Her face contorted to a look of disgust. I felt unease once again. 
216	3	a	“I just didn’t like the crowds,” I muttered unconvincingly. 
217	3	a	“Oh,” she said with the same look of disgust, and a tone to match it, “I don’t understand. So you guys weren’t at the concert?” 
218	3	a	“Oh,” same look of disgust, same tone, “I don’t get it. Did you just not like the music?” 
219	3	a	I felt so uncomfortable I was ready to get up and leave. Her negative energy seemed to be radiating from her and being absorbed by me. I felt such negative emotions towards her. Ones that I had repressed for years suddenly spilling out at once, uncontrollably. She was unpredictable, and I didn’t like it.
220	3	a	Miranda looked startled, as though she’d been hit. I couldn’t understand how she seemingly couldn’t comprehend her own wrongdoing in the situation. I was clearly uncomfortable, couldn’t she see that?
221	3	a	“Can I talk to you for a second Miranda?” Lizzy asked. Miranda and my friend stepped aside. I carried on a fairly normal conversation with Miranda’s friend. I wondered why Miranda’s friend seemed to be able to converse with me without making me feel so uncomfortable but Miranda, someone I had know for years, couldn’t. I was later told by my friend that Miranda was appalled that my friend had pulled her aside, and that she didn’t understand what she’d done wrong. She stormed off the boat after their conversation, and we didn’t see them for the rest of the night. 
222	3	a	Lizzy and I met up with the rest of the group outside the ship. 
223	3	a	“I want to walk,” I said. The group agreed, finding a club downtown to walk to, a mile and a half down the road. I noticed then that most of the group that had been rolling looked disturbed. As though they’d seen something they wished they hadn’t. I no longer felt alone in what I was feeling. 
224	3	a	Jan, especially, became a solace for me. I could tell she felt what I was feeling, and that was comforting in an odd way. 
225	3	a	“Can I feel your bag?” She asked. I said yes, and she rubbed my bag between her thumb and pointer finger as we walked. “I like how it feels,” she said. I just liked that we were on the same wavelength. 
226	3	a	I made comments about things, observations as we walked by the water then closer to downtown. The city was bustling – something I liked to watch from a distance but didn’t want to be involved in. I enjoyed walking. The movement felt nice, the air felt nice. Some things I pointed out to Jan made her happy and excited. Other things bothered her. For example, the shared bike racks, she did not like. “Can we not talk about that?” She would say. And I would happily oblige. I could not predict what Jan would or would not like. It was like a game. But I did not like it because I didn’t understand the rules of the game. The walk was slow as we stopped many times for people to go to the bathroom/cross the street/buy a snack. 
227	3	a	I caught the eye of Joe* one of the others in the group who was rolling, but highly experienced with drugs, especially psychedelics. It hadn’t dawned on me until I saw the deep look of disturbance in his eye that I’d seen in Jan’s and presumed was in my own that I realized he, too was having a negative time. I made small comments and chatted a little, but he seemed to be content singing to himself, occasionally opening his arms to the sky to belt out a chorus, and otherwise remaining quiet. It comforted me, however, to know that he was on Jan and I’s wavelength, too. 
228	3	a	One of our friends, Alice*, who had not been rolling, but was entirely wasted from menthol vodka shots began performing a drunken stand-up routine on the side of the road. She began speaking really slowly into an imaginary microphone. I found it entertaining and comical, but didn’t like that she was being unpredictable in her drunken state. Jan really hated it and told me she needed to get away from Alice. 
229	3	a	We arrived at the club downtown and found out that some of the members of our group couldn’t get in because of what they were wearing. We proceeded, against my will, to a club/bar in a snotty area of the city that I avoid. Somewhere I feel completely out of place even when I am sober. Again, I felt like an observer in a place I didn’t belong. The décor was ridiculous, it seemed for the setting – rustic feeling, wood-paneled everything, chalkboard drink menus, with a stuffed deer head overlooking the bar’s patrons, mostly 20-something, clean-cut, probably finance professionals. I went to the bathroom myself and felt the stares of all of the nicely dressed women, fully aware of my dirty Doc Martens, crocheted halter top and trippy-printed shorts. I will never fit in in a place like this, I thought. But that was okay to me. After four years of trying to somehow relate to my peers at business school, it was okay to me that I didn’t fit in with them. This was probably the most positive revelation of my night.
230	3	a	We didn’t stay for long, much to my relief. When some friends and I returned to my apartment, they fell right asleep but I laid awake until the sun rose, mostly spiraling into a pit of negative thoughts then talking my way out of them. This is a technique I learned when sometimes in a tough spot on marijuana, and something that proved helpful. 
231	3	a	I am ultimately, in a twisted way, glad this experience happened to me for a few reasons. 
232	3	a	"1.	I am learning to accept and respect my limits with hard drugs. I have only ever microdosed on hallucinogens and taken small doses of MDMA, because I like to be in control. I assumed, for some uneducated reason, that taking more MDMA would just mean more of the positive feeling. It did not this time. It just meant that it hit me much harder in the initial wave and that people’s vibes (i.e. Miranda’s) affected me waaay more than usual. I know now that I should take less or take MDMA in increments. "
233	3	a	"2.	I know who’s there for me and who isn’t. It’s cheesy, but it’s true. I had repressed feelings about Miranda for too long to the point where, when in a highly peaked emotional state, her behavior and presence were extremely negative for me and I had to finally face my feelings towards her. Lizzy, on the other hand, ensured that I had a good time by, in a way, sacrificing her own night."
234	3	a	"3.	The setting where I take drugs is extremely important. Crowds are not my style. Boats, where there is not chance of escape, are not really my style either. I like to dance and be with my friends."
235	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
236	3	a	MDMA (3) : Difficult Experiences (5), Relationships (44), General (1), Club / Bar (25)
237	3	a	A few months ago, I had caught up with an old friend after a couple of years without seeing each other to have some drinks. We had grown up in the same small town and used to smoke copious amounts of pot together as teenagers. During this particular evening, he had told me quite candidly how for many years, he had been severely depressed, but that he had found the cure; that cure was MDMA. He told me how he was feeling better now than he ever had in his whole life, and I was instantly intrigued. But I was also rather resigned, because ecstasy was one of those “bad chemical drugs” that you could die from, according to so many stories… Nevertheless, after that night, the thought of E stayed in my thoughts for a long time.
238	3	a	Prior to this, my drug usage consisted of a ton of pot, booze, three good mushroom trips and a one-night-stand with cocaine. 
239	3	a	My curiosity about ecstasy stemmed from the fact that I, myself, have been severely depressed for a couple of years. I recall spending evenings just lying in bed thinking terrible thoughts, and feeling the sting of loneliness. I had just finished my first year of university before this experience, and though I had great academic success, my social life and emotional self were devastated. I felt entirely alone. I was 22, and had never had a girlfriend, and all my friends were far away; I was alone. While I had never imagined myself taking E, the idea of happiness in a pill was compelling. I had to know what the fuss was about.
240	3	a	I began researching the MDMA vault on a reputable website, weighing all the pros and cons and learning about all the preventative measures one should take when using E responsibly. Of particular importance was the Peter Jennings ABC News documentary “Ecstasy Rising”. I watched it on YouTube and found it to dispel a lot of myths that I had unfortunately swallowed as fact a long time ago. Based on that program, and the countless positive experience reports, I decided that E might not be as bad as everyone thinks it is. In fact, it seemed to me that the only people who reported bad experiences with the drug were using it completely irresponsibly anyway, combing large doses with alcohol and pot and any number of other drugs. Conversely, those who took solely MDMA in the right dosage and stayed safe reported amazing effects. I decided that I would try it.
241	3	a	I should also note at this point that for a couple of weeks prior to this, I was taking a high potency multi-vitamin once daily, along with 1000 mg of Vitamin-C time released once daily. And the night of the experience, I took an additional 1000 mg of Vitamin-C with my supper, as I have read of its anti-oxidant properties and also its relation to serotonin development.
242	3	a	The night in question was my friend’s (same friend mentioned above) birthday party. It was a rave. We were going to be using MDMA powder, which apparently was tested as 98% pure. With great anticipation, I dumped about 50 mg into a glass of water, and poured it down the hatch. I waited. After about 35 minutes had past, I felt nothing. I told this to my friend, who was already rolling, and he suggested I take more. I agreed, so again, I did approximately another 50 mg, and again, I waited. Another 40 minutes had past, and again I was convinced that I was still sober. So this time, my friend just dumped a good pinch more of powder into a drink, and I swallowed. This was it, I thought, as I swallowed it, I felt a tingle of anxiousness flow through my body because I knew there was enough in my system to send me to Oz at this point, it was just a matter of when. 
243	3	a	My mistake, I realized, was that MDMA is not like mushrooms. I was expecting to instantly catapult into the high, but that is not the case. I was waiting for MDMA to hit me, but the truth was, the MDMA was waiting for me to come to it. Around 2 hours after my first dose, I was sitting on a couch when I noticed my face felt sort of different, very smooth to the touch. I began to get excited. I got up, and moved to the dance floor. I had been nervous and self-conscious about dancing before, but I went anyway, still feeling mostly sober. I began to move slowly to the beat, and before long, I realized that I wasn’t gonna stop. I began to dance like I’ve never danced before, completely free of inhibition. I was an animal! It felt so good. Suddenly, I knew the drug was working, and pleasure shot through me, but in such a gentle way. I felt completely at peace.
244	3	a	Remembering safety, I routinely went outside into the cool night air to cool down, as I had begun to sweat profusely. Then back to the dance floor I would go. Outside, it seemed like everyone knew that I was loved up, they were all introducing themselves, and we were just talking really positively. I remember feeling completely safe with these strangers. 
245	3	a	I walked into another room, and a girl with whom I was slightly acquainted saw that I was on cloud nine, and offered me some brazil nut body butter cream, which I took and slathered on my arms and hands. Orgasmic!
246	3	a	The dancing continued until 4 am, when the club closed for the night. I still wanted to party, but realized that by the time I got home, the sun would be coming up, and it was time to go. This didn’t really bother me much. I just felt so content. I took a taxi home. Once inside, I walked to the bathroom. And this was a revelation! My pupils were HUGE, and I just looked at myself, then, I smiled such a gigantic smile I thought the muscles would rip right out of my skin! It felt indescribably incredible. I suddenly realized that I’m an attractive dude, and that I have no reason to be afraid or shy around people anymore. I realized that I have all the gifts in the world within myself, and that I need to share those gifts with all those around me. It was absolutely cathartic.
247	3	a	I walked to my desk and pulled out a piece of paper, and wrote myself a note, to remind me later of this revelation. Afterwards, I opened a drawer with some old Christmas cards and mementos in it, and began looking through them. I felt so much love for all the people in them – grandparents, friends etc. – that I wished they were there right then so I could tell them how much I cared about them. 
248	3	a	By about 5:30 am, the sun was starting to rise, and still quite high, I decided I should go to bed. I had no difficulty sleeping at all. I awoke at 9:30 the next morning; only 4 hours of sleep, but felt fantastic still! I could still look in the mirror and remember being high, and it was like it would just come right back again! Amazing! I felt very energetic, and decided to have a shower and get dressed and then go for a walk. It was a beautiful day outside, and I couldn’t believe how everything looked so “crisp”. The sky was bluer than it had ever been before; trees were greener than ever before; all the people I saw looked beautiful. And I was beautiful, too. I would look people in the eyes as I passed them and smile, and most of them reciprocated. It was like I could send my joy to them through that contact. 
249	3	a	It is now 2 days later, and I still feel very good. While I’m not quite ecstatic anymore, I’m definitely very much at peace with myself. I feel no negative energy. I feel like a new person. 
250	3	a	This powder had to have been pure, because the high was so powerful, yet completely gentle. I felt no negative physiological effects, such as heart racing or head-rushes, or even jaw clenching. It was like the drug just swept me off my feet, lifted me miles high into the sky, then let me glide back down a slow, steady slope to landing. I couldn’t have asked for a better experience.
251	3	a	I will definitely do MDMA again in the future, but I know enough to wait a considerable amount of time to allow my serotonin levels to balance out again. It’s something I think could be done maybe 5 times out of a year. I can definitely see how people could abuse it, and do it each week. I would love to drop a pill tomorrow if I could, but I know that is not wise. I will wait, and have few and far between experiences, but their power will surely make the wait worth it. Responsible use of MDMA can be… well… just unbelievable. It is the perfect drug.
252	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
253	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Depression (15), Hangover / Days After (46), Relationships (44), Therapeutic Intent or Outcome (49), Rave / Dance Event (18)
254	3	a	I think my experience is much more relevant in light of some background information about my partner and I, so I will try to briefly summarize what kind of situation we're in before I get started.
255	3	a	I have borderline personality disorder. I am fairly high functioning with it and probably have a bit more insight (largely due to the past few months of therapy I've started) than some folks who are dealing with this. However I find it very difficult a lot of the time. I have very extreme mood swings, usually extremes of rage and hopelessness, triggered by almost nothing. As a general rule, I feel very unstable and detached from myself. I also have some psychotic features but they're usually quite mild, namely dissociation and occasional derealization.
256	3	a	My partner, E, is extraordinarily supportive and understanding, and I feel very lucky to have such a person in my life. Although he and I are young, 22 and 20 respectively, we have a very stable and mutually understanding relationship. That is not so say it's without difficulties, as I am spectacularly good at making things difficult, but underneath everything there is a secure, trusting base that is immensely helpful for me. I think the nature of our relationship is pretty relevant to our experience on MDMA, which is why I'm including it. 
257	3	a	E doesn't use much of anything frequently and had never tried MDMA. Occasionally he smokes some marijuana with me. I'm a pretty frequent marijuana user, anywhere from 2-6 times a week, and I have some more limited experience with psilocybin, salvia, codeine, oxycodone, dextroamphetamine, and ecstasy. This was my first experience with pure MDMA. I tend to be extremely sensitive to pretty much everything I try, and I get much more intoxicated, much more quickly than other people. My experiences also tend not to last as long.
258	3	a	Neither of us paid any attention to time during this experience so I'm not 100% sure on these times but I think they're pretty accurate. E took ~125mg, and about 15 minutes later I took ~100mg, in the hopes that we'd come up around the same time. As per usual, I came up first. The comeup was quite intense and not entirely pleasant, but very much bearable.
259	3	a	The first sign I noticed was a strange feeling to my eyes, accompanied by a headache. We were playing cards while I waited, and it became very difficult to focus visually. My eyes felt too big for my head and darted around, apparently of their own volition. Soon I started to feel nauseous, clammy and restless. Focusing on playing cards, mentally and visually, became near impossible. I very much wanted to talk to E and reassure him that the comeup was a little rough, but that it would be entirely worth it, because I wanted him to be as comfortable as possible. However he and I are very different people, and he is happiest when he can experience things for himself without any expectations, which he expressed. I did my best to chill and let him do his own thing. I appreciated that he told me what he wanted, as he isn't always comfortable doing that. Chilling, of course, was not entirely easy because I was feeling extremely speedy toward the end of the comeup, which made me want to talk extensively, and also starting to feel very interpersonal due to the MDMA.
260	3	a	Soon my comeup leveled out somewhat. I still felt speedy, which lasted for maybe the first 15 minutes, but all the physically uncomfortable aspects quickly melted away, probably about 15 minutes after I first noticed them. I was very excited and couldn't stop smiling and laughing and telling E that it was really good. He mentioned feeling sick, and that was all that he really said about his comeup. He went to the washroom, and I got up too. I gave him a really big hug, and he hugged me back, and he mentioned feeling extremely sexual. I should add that, largely as a part of my mental health issues, I'm not usually comfortable being touched and almost never want sex. E is okay with this but I know it's not always easy for him. He was making himself uncomfortable with how sexual he was feeling, given that I didn't feel the same way, and I was feeling guilty as a result. I think that was making both of us anxious, as it does.
261	3	a	We moved into the kitchen and E started to talk about how he was feeling. He seemed a little uncomfortable, but as he talked he became more and more relaxed. He said that he never felt speedy, only slow and warm and focused. I sat down on his lap and for I guess 45 minutes we had a really open, loving conversation. With both of us feeling so safe, and my mood swings eliminated, we were able to talk very candidly about our relationship in a way that isn't always possible. With both of us feeling so safe, and my mood swings eliminated, we were able to talk very candidly about our relationship in a way that isn't always possible. We do usually have quite good communication but of course it's scary for E to tell me some things, knowing that I could blow up at essentially nothing. I felt very secure and loving, and really just felt a profound sense of good. Some things that he told me were a little hard to hear, but I was also very happy and appreciative that he felt safe enough to tell me. We both felt deeply open and secure and trusting.
262	3	a	It was nice to me that I was able to feel scared, because I took that as a sign of being deeply attuned to myself. I find that MDMA doesn't make me any different that what I am underneath all the mood difficulties. Losing your sense of self is part of being borderline, and MDMA sort of stripped away most of my symptoms and allowed me to be more in touch with myself. For his part, E felt safer knowing that he could talk openly with me, and that I would be able to hear everything he had to say in ways I'm not always capable of. We agreed that what we were experiencing and discussing was very much real - MDMA didn't add anything, it only took away the anxiety we both have and brought us back into ourselves.
263	3	a	Later we moved into our bedroom, because it seemed like the thing to do. I began to wonder if I was coming down. We got into bed naked, and it was perfectly okay with both of us not to have sex. We cuddled (like I'm not normally into doing), and both found a profound sense of security in holding each other, feeling each other's warmth, and being able to say whatever needed to be said.
264	3	a	About two hours after I took my first dose, It occurred to me that I was very nearly down. I decided to take the 25mg I had set aside, knowing that a full capsule would probably be too much for me. I didn't realize how fast the comedown would be, and thought I could prolong my experience. What ended up happening was that I came down entirely and then very quickly came up (although nowhere near as up as I had been) again. I experienced this as moderate anxiety and discomfort, both physical and mental. E pointed out that I seemed less comfortable, and reassured me that we didn't have to discuss anything that was difficult for me. Hearing that was extremely helpful, as I tend to worry very much about how he is feeling, and that I am making him uncomfortable. He was getting toward the end of his experience.
265	3	a	Of course, I didn't feel anywhere near as much with the second dose as I had with the first. I felt secure, and comfortable. In fact, mostly what I felt was the way I feel on good days (or good hours), and also the way I felt before my illness really manifested itself. While I know that it was because of the drug, it was very reassuring to feel it, because it reminded me that I do in fact feel quite 'normal' sometimes. For the next hour or so we held each other, and talked when it seemed right. E came down around the same time that I came totally down. The comedown was a little bit anxious because it was such a rapid change, but overall very comfortable. As I would later realize, the after effects were definitely present and very positive.
266	3	a	Sometime around this point I realized my blood sugar was probably pretty low. I didn't feel like eating, but after smoking a bowl it seemed like a better idea. As I've read elsewhere, marijuana is extremely pleasant after MDMA. I was smoking a pretty heavy indica strain, but instead of feeling heavy and stoned I felt calm, secure and extremely comfortable physically. I didn't exactly feel talkative, but talking was very pleasant and my speech wasn't slowed the way it normally is when I'm stoned. Putting on comfortable pajamas and a hoodie felt incredible. Melon and apples tasted divine. E and I hung out in the kitchen and on our couch, talking comfortably and very much enjoying each other's company. We both felt very natural and comfortable.
267	3	a	About an hour afterward, we decided to go to bed. I smoked another bowl because I felt I wouldn't be able to sleep otherwise. Our bed felt amazing. I wouldn't say I slept deeply, and I did wake up pretty often, but sleeping was very enjoyable and I felt refreshed when I woke up 7 hours later, which is unusual for me.
268	3	a	I am writing this the day after, and we both feel very nice, I am assuming because our doses weren't too heavy and neither of us has done it often. My mood is stable and I feel very calm and safe. We have been talking much more than usual, and we are very secure with each other.
269	3	a	We both feel that this experience has been pretty illuminating. E benefited immensely from being free of his usual anxiety, and also knowing that I was feeling secure and able to talk openly. For my part, I found it extremely reassuring to get in touch with that part of myself, and to be reminded that I haven't always felt this way and that I will be okay again. I also know that I won't always feel secure, and that pretty soon I'm going to be feeling extremely unhappy. However I feel maybe just a bit more confident in my ability to get through it. I feel refreshed. I am hopeful. I have strong and secure love in my life, I am being treated for my problems, and MDMA has helped me to remember that one day, I will be healthy.
270	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
271	3	a	MDMA (3) : Relationships (44), Therapeutic Intent or Outcome (49), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
272	3	a	The Spring-time energy that was creeping into London had been boosting my spirits, and I had the strong feeling that tonight would be a good night. I hadn't actually intended to take any substances before I headed out, but when I arrived at my friend's house and found one of his housemates wrapping up bombs of MDMA – and then giving one to me – it seemed as though the decision had been taken for me. 
273	3	a	Strangely enough, I ended up going to the dub and drum'n'bass night on my own, as I already had a ticket and my friends were headed somewhere else. This didn't bother me though, as I've always felt happy enough dancing on my own, and even prefer it sometimes. 
274	3	a	T+0: I decided to take the bomb at around midnight, while I was sitting on the night bus on the way to the venue. I had eaten about 4 hours previously. 
275	3	a	T+ 45: Having got through the military-level security that is unfortunately becoming a standard in many London clubs, I began to feel the first rushes of the MDMA. I was standing at the back of the main dancefloor, next to the mammoth bass bins that were placed around the edges of the room. I was beginning to hone in on the details of the tunes. The jabberings of the MC, which I would usually not pay that much attention to, seemed much more purposeful, the basslines seemed as though they were aimed directly at my chest, and I was beginning to sync and flow with the music. Inhibitions slipped away as I began bouncing to the music, forgetting myself in the throng of fellow travellers around me. 
276	3	a	T+ 2.00: It was probably around 2am when the effects started peaking. I noticed that the MDMA seemed to be – as the supplier assured me to be the case – unusually potent and clean. As I wandered into the smaller, secondary room, everything around me was clearly delineated and heightened, the world around me appeared sharper, more in focus, but also easier to navigate. I've always had a sense with good MDMA that a moment arises when I feel a sense of stepping through a window, into an emotional state that is more open, honest and clear cut I've always had a sense with good MDMA that a moment arises when I feel a sense of stepping through a window, into an emotional state that is more open, honest and clear cut, as though my own thoughts and emotions, and those of people around me, are no longer abstractions or hindrances, and there is almost no distraction from the present moment and the energies around me. 
277	3	a	As is usually the case when I take MDMA or psychedelics, there was a strong sexual component to the experience. I have been going through a bit of a dry patch in my sex life, and this was very much at the forefront of my mind. At several points throughout the night I remember standing around by myself, enjoying vivid sexual fantasies. I felt more rooted in my physical body and sexuality, sharing passing glances and smiles with women who were locked into the same wavelength.
278	3	a	T+ 3.00: Still in the smaller room, which featured much more texturally interesting music, I began to feel frustrated by the lack of space around me, and retreated into a corner, where I hid, pressed against the wall with my eyes closed, enjoying the deep connection I was feeling with the music, as well as the awareness that other people around me were enjoying a similar connection. Despite this, however, I was very much in my own world, and didn't really talk to many people that night. 
279	3	a	T+4.00: Back in the main hall, I felt like I was literally floating through and above the music. I felt reminded of times when I was younger when I would dance like this all the time, uninhibited and unencumbered. Although the MDMA experience was very pleasurable, a familiar sensation arose that I couldn't quite go deep enough, that I was craving a more transcendent experience. I wanted to lose myself completely, not think at all. But although I had flashes of such moments, they did not last as long as I wanted. 
280	3	a	T+5.00: I decided to leave the club, after being one of the few remaining dancers in the smaller room, enjoying the bassweight as I stood close to the speaker. I made by way back to my friend's place, where I was spending the night. I was still feeling pretty high, but curled up in a sleeping back and tried to get some sleep. 
281	3	a	The MDMA had been refreshing, and had temporarily lifted me up, tweaking my frequencies and boosting my energy. Yet the effects I felt in the days afterwards, perhaps because of the potency of the substance, seemed harder than usual. 
282	3	a	The following day, I met up with my ex-girlfriend, who I had not seen in about 4 months (we had both gone travelling). It was delightful to see her, and we ate pizza in a bar covered in what seemed to be psychedelic children's dream images. The bar suited the mood, and I remember still feeling quite trippy. I also enjoyed holding her, and realised how much I missed her physical presence. 
283	3	a	On the second morning after I had taken it (I was still at my friend's house), I remember having a strange head rush; it was almost as though a second wave of MDMA had hit me. My body felt extremely tired, but the dominant sensation was that my brain was hurting, as though the neurotransmitters were hastily trying to rearrange themselves as best they could. Later that day I went to see another friend, who was celebrating her birthday in a pub. I had stayed away from alcohol all weekend but still felt somehow as though I was extremely hungover and was struggling to function in the outside world. I felt bedraggled and self-conscious, feeling paranoid that people were giving me dirty looks. I was able to hold conversations but felt that I had to keep apologising to those around me for being so jangled. 
284	3	a	During the next two days, there was a noticeable drop in my mood. I still felt fatigued and sleep-deprived, but I was also feeling unnaturally irritable. I am quite prone to anxiety, and noticed that I was experiencing extreme restlessness and racing thoughts, and even during a film I went to see in the cinema (which I did just to get out of the house), I was almost unable to sit still. On my return home I experienced what felt almost like a minor meltdown. All the worries that had been bugging me (my impending 30th birthday, my current state of unemployment) now seemed like monstrous indicators of my own failures in life. I found myself crying, lying curled up on the bed alone, feeling incredibly low. 
285	3	a	The following morning (this was now a full four days after taking the MDMA) I felt more or less back to normal, and I did have the sense that I had purged some negative thoughts, or at least temporarily cried them out of my system. But I was also struck by the fact that this particular comedown had been far more emotionally draining that I had experienced previously and I came to the conclusion it was perhaps time to begin drawing my relationship with MDMA – which had begun 10 years ago – though in that time I had always been a very sparing and moderate user, using it at most, 3 or 4 times in a year - to a close. 
286	3	a	I am at a point where I very much feel the need to engage in some deep exploration of my consciousness, emotions and spirituality. But I will probably be doing this by using other substances (I have been leaning strongly towards psychedelics) or through none at all. 
287	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
288	3	a	MDMA (3) : Hangover / Days After (46), General (1), Club / Bar (25)
289	3	a	This report is about my experience with taking an extremely high dose of MDMA. The Cannabis was minor, but still important. And the alcohol was only used on the comedown. I pre-apologize for the length, but I believe it’s all important.
290	3	a	Before I begin I would like to say a little about me and my experience with MDMA. 
291	3	a	I was 18 when I first took MDMA and I was/am a college student, and have maintained a 4.0 GPA since. I am also an artist and have a passion for music. I have smoked cannabis and drank alcohol since about my junior year in high school. I met my current girlfriend my first semester in college in a drawing class.  The first time I ever took ecstasy was New Years on 2009 – 2010. I dropped two blue hearts and my girlfriend dropped 3 blue hearts at midnight. It was the best new years I had ever had. Before my first experience, I claimed that I would never do ecstasy again afterwards. But after I experienced the extreme empathy, love for others, and myself as well as the extreme entactogenic effects, I concluded that with responsible use of MDMA, once in a while is relatively safe. The second time was a few weeks later at her house, where we dropped one and a half blue hearts. It was enjoyable, but not as intense as the first.
292	3	a	The trip I wanted to talk about was the third roll I ever experienced. My girlfriend and I decided to go to an Infected Mushroom concert (psychedelic techno/trance) in San Fransisco. In preparation I found a hotel in walking distance from the concert.  We bought 7 more blue hearts (they were very good, and popular I suppose), as well as an 8th of decent quality cannabis. We also picked up a 12-pack of Corona because a beer is nice on the comedown. I also had done a plethora of research on MDMA and picked up a bunch of Vitamin C, Vitamin B6, and 5-HTP. We packed up my small car full of blankets, pillows, drugs/alcohol, change of clothes, music players, and a backpack full of E toys (squishy things, essential oils, glow sticks, flashing balls, pacifiers, etc). We stopped at our favorite burrito shop and ate half of our giant burritos, while sorting out some issues we were having (commitment type stuff).  We were good to go.
293	3	a	We drove to San Francisco and finally got parking and our hotel room after a bit of stressing and dealing with traffic. We unloaded everything and had a while to wait before the concert, so we just chilled and listened to music. I ordered a huge bed, but instead the hotel gave us two large beds, which still worked fine. We made one bed a fuzzy bed, and the other a rougher/ cooler bed. My girlfriend broke up most of the weed and rolled about 6 joints. We ate the rest of our burritos for fuel and then we walked to the concert.
294	3	a	I had attended the concert a previous year, but sober. What I found this year was that they stepped up their security about five-fold. My girlfriend hid the pills in a small container next to her crotch. However she put the joints in a pack of gum. Security made her throw away the pack of gum and also made me check in my backpack which contained drinks and glow sticks (except a few). Infected Mushroom wasn’t on for a while and we didn’t want to waste our pills on the other DJs (which I'm sure would have been just fine). Considering that security made us throw away our joints, we had nothing to do for about 2 or 3 hours. So we sat and watched the other people rolling on E on the lower level. Sadly security continued to be ridiculously strict, and started pulling all of the Rollers and Smokers off of the floor and kicked them out. Fortunately the majority of the people using drugs still got by.
295	3	a	0:00 – I'm not sure exactly what time we dropped, but it was about 30 minutes before Infected Mushroom. We downed one pill down underneath the eye of security. We had been sitting in the same spot for most of the later half of the night, so we had extremely good seats. The room we were in was pretty hot, so I decided to walk around and hopefully speed up the digestive time.
296	3	a	0:30 – I still wasn’t feeling anything. I had a slight head change, so I knew something was up. My girlfriend (I’ll call her C) was already starting to feel it. It slightly frustrated me, but she was smaller and had a faster metabolism, so it made sense. I got up and walked around again. 
297	3	a	0:45ish – Infected Mushroom came on and we popped another pill. Almost immediately afterwards the first one started kicking in. The uncomfortably hot room soon became very comfortable. The familiar rushes began to surge their way around my body. C was feeling it quite a bit now, and I looked at her with complete content and love. 
298	3	a	1:00ish – I was feeling quite good at this point. It was then that I started to notice my visuals were more crisp. I could clearly see each and every individual on the lower level. The music was utterly intense and euphoric. It seemingly vibrated and moved through every cell in my body.  Then I was confronted with the urge to complete my natural duties. I turned to C and announced that I had to go to the bathroom. I got up quickly and briskly walked to the bathroom, steadily coming up with every few feet. As I went into the main hall there were less people and the cool air felt simply fantastic. I went into the bathroom and saw a security guard washing up at the sink. I quickly went into an empty stall and peed.
299	3	a	1:30ish – after I returned from urinating, I sat back next to C and began to really enjoy my roll. I would rub on her leg a bit, and then rub on my own legs. I would lean in and tell her I loved her and she would say the same back, sharing the extremely positive and loving feelings. It was a bit ridiculous considering how loud the music was, but we didn’t care, we just yelled. I reached forward and felt the thick twisted wire that lined balcony where we were sitting. It was utterly orgasmic. My girlfriend told me to stop, though, because we remembered how crappy security was being. My favorite songs came on and I had no issue with singing with them as loud as I could. I was one with the music as it vibrated through my body. A slow start to the night led to the best end anyone could ever imagine. (Note: Time becomes very distorted past this point, so the time stamps may not be entirely accurate)
300	3	a	2:00ish: Infected Mushroom ends and me and C get up and head back to coat check very fast. We didn’t care about the encore; we wanted to get back to our room. We stood on the steep staircase to coat check, trying to avoid eye contact with the other satisfied fans. However, a lady in front of us was talking to a man behind us. It was awkward. She then turned to us and asked if he could come in front with her, and of course we let him go. As we got to the top, I looked through the little window and saw that there was just a giant rack of coats. Startled, I announced aloud to C: “Wait! Is this coatcheck!? I gotta go to bag check!!” the lady who asked us earlier if her husband could go in front then said “oh no, I think they do that here too.” I was relieved but at this point she had seen my eyes clearly. After a moment she turned to me, looked at me very intently, and said: “Hey...are you cumming right now?” I thought she meant like coming up to the bag check window or something. Bewildered, I looked at C, who had the same bewildered look that I did. I turned back to the lady who clarified: “No, no, like CUMMING. Are you CUMMING right now?” she completed the statement while gesturing masturbation. My bewilderment simply became more intense. Her husband nudged her and said, “knock it off, haha, just leave ‘em alone.” Little did I know that the lady’s statement would stay with me the rest of the night to the point of obsession. I got my bag and we headed back to the room.
301	3	a	2:15ish – When we left the show it was raining outside. My vision was filled with one of the most beautiful scenes I had ever seen. The yellow city lights, tall buildings, wet pavement, glistening gutters, neon signs, etc. captivated me. The cold rain felt fantastic on my hot and sweaty skin. We walked briskly back to our room, filled to our hair follicles with complete joy. We finally made it inside our room, where we immediately stripped nude. She went to the bathroom and I proceeded to take another pill and a half. After she got out she popped another pill and a half as well. We had ingested a total of 3.5 pills, and it was the most I had ever taken. C then pulled out a joint, which surprised me. “I thought you had to throw the joints away!” “I only took three of them with me to the show” “Oh Shit Fuck You’re Awesome I Love you!” or something like that. We retreated into the bathroom and lit up. We had to be careful because it was a non-smoking hotel.
302	3	a	Everything past this point became a blur; probably the most intense, glorious, and fantastic blur of my entire life. When I am on an extremely high dose of MDMA like I was, I don’t feel pain near as much, or even at all. This can be bad because also on a high dose you clench/grind/suck/smack very hard. And I don't feel it until the next day.
303	3	a	2:45ish -  I couldn’t really say when I noticed the 3rd and a half pill hit. After I smoked the weed it “scattered” my mind. If you’ve ever smoked weed and found the drifting in and out of thought then you’ll know what I’m talking about. On E, it does the same thing except my thoughts are far more intense and lightning fast. So those “stoner thoughts” I have drift into my mind, are recognized, and passed on in record speed. There were a few scenes I remember at this point. I was standing next to the bed talking/thinking about the lady who asked if I was cumming. And I seemingly pulled information out of nowhere and I came to the conclusion that cumming and being on E are the same thing; that when you are cumming you are experiencing the same serotonin release that is experienced on E. (Later I found the facts to be a little different.)
304	3	a	A peculiar thing about this point of the night: when I was thinking about these ideas I found that my mind was so scattered and intense that I could not tell the difference between thinking something and actually saying it. I realized it as I was standing next to the bed C was on. I would catch myself saying fragments of sentences at record speed: “andsothat’swhatitmeansto-“(drift) ”Itotallyunderstandwhatshemeantbycumming!”(drift) ”it'sfuckingincredible”(drift). Etc. I realized what I was doing and called myself out on it, and was mystified by it, and then continued to think about that. After trying to explain to C what was happening she kind of just looked at me and was like “What are you talking about? Come lay down with me!” I immediately obliged.
305	3	a	At this point I have no idea which events came in which order, so I’ll just put dashes.
306	3	a	– We were completely “twacked” at this point, for lack of a better word. Occasionally I would lean over and kiss C very intimately. At this point also found something interesting. When I was forced to do something with my mouth, like kiss my girlfriend, the jaw clenching/mouth pursing/sucking/smacking stopped. And I found that with concentration I could control the clenching but I wasn’t about to concentrate my entire night on not clenching.
307	3	a	– I got an aching desire to play with the E toys and experience the other bed and I announced this to C who joined me in the migration. The new cool/rough bed was incredible. I grabbed the glow-stick globe, which was made of a series of multicolored glow sticks, and had two pieces of plastic string on each end so you could wind it and spin it. It was a glorious sight. When the ball spun, the multicolored glow sticks blended together to reveal a glowing white ball of energy. I played with the ball for what seemed like generations.
308	3	a	– At some point we transferred back to the other bed. I had a small rubbery flashy spiky toy in my hand, and was making small rotating movements. As the ball lit up when I was making circles with it, it would make streaks in my vision, and a long tail of a tracer would stay for moments after the ball had moved. I noticed that I was growing tired of the music, which we were blasting for a while at this point. I got up and attempted to change the music. As I was trying to read the text on my iPhone, I became frustrated. My vision was literally vibrating. Surges of ecstasy would pass through my body and mixed with the weed I would drift out of thought and forget what I was doing. I would simply be standing there feeling incredible for extended periods of time until I realized that I was doing. I finally managed to switch my playlist and plopped back down on the bed next to C.
309	3	a	– I began to notice that I was clenching considerably hard. I announced this to C and she went and grabbed the pacifiers. I put it in my mouth and it was the perfect cure for my ailment. I sucked VERY vigorously for the rest of the night, which would ultimately prove to be detrimental and I will discuss this later.
310	3	a	– In between these events, there was a lot of drifting in and out of consciousness. I would be feeling so incredible that I would seemingly black out and in a sense it was because I was “rolling extremely hard.” Which also led me to discover what is meant by the statement 'you feel so amazing that your eyes literally roll back in your head.' Whether it was stimulation from the MDMA or I was doing it on my own,  my eyes were staring at my brain for quite some time that night.
311	3	a	– C and I then agreed to take a shower, because showers are quite nice on comedowns. When we were in the bathroom, though, we could not figure out how to turn the shower faucet on, we could only have the lower spout running. The shower was rather old-school and was quite foreign to us. We sat down and the slowly raising water felt incredible. After a little bit though C announces, “I think I’m burning.” She stands up and her lower half is a bit red. “Holy crap! Yeah, turn it down a bit” I replied. That is one of the downsides I mentioned earlier: it’s harder to feel pain when on MDMA, so it’s easier to get hurt/burnt/etc. I turned off the normal lights and brought in the glow toys. C and me sat and enjoyed each other’s company in the bath. It was at this point where more epiphanies began to occur.
312	3	a	C brought out this foamy bath stuff that kids use in their baths. It’s colored and fun to play with. I brought it out and began to analyze the product; I realized that kids usually would go crazy with this stuff and spray out huge amounts of the foam and cover their bodies in it – for fun. But it was also a cleaning product. So when kids think they’re just having fun with the foam it’s also cleaning them. When the foam hits the water, it eventually dissolves into it and makes the water a cleaning agent as well. I shared these thoughts with C very humorously, while completely coating my body in the foam with a huge smile on my face. It was delightful. I also thought about the stages of life, and how when C and me were in the tub, it was like in early childhood, sucking on pacifiers (or the teat of the mother). And I thought about the idea of “Mother Nature”, and how “Mother is God in the eyes of a child”. I came to the conclusion that when you’re on E, it’s like you’re FEELING God. When you’re very young and you’re sucking on your mother’s teat, it is similar to sucking on a pacifier on Ecstasy. Or like when you’re eating, serotonin is released. Mother nature (God) is nourishing you when you eat or are on MDMA, or so your brain thinks. 
313	3	a	– We got out of the shower and returned back to our bed, after replenishing with some vitamin C and sips of Gatorade. I could sense a comedown already, even when we were in the bath; which was also an interesting discovery. The first time I did MDMA I took two pills at once. When they wore off the comedown was brutal. I went from very happy to feeling like a close relative had just died. It was like a drop-off; a very harsh drop-off. But this time, because we staggered the pills, the comedown was gradual, much like a plane when it lands. The come-up was gradual, and the come down was gradual, it was perfect.
314	3	a	– We had come down quite a bit, but we were still feeling considerably good, because the last pill and a half were still working their magic. This was when we began to drink some beer. It really eases the shitty feelings that you get when you comedown. And it makes sense – look at anyone that drinks out their sorrows, it’s the same thing. But I try to be very careful when drinking alcohol to ease a comedown, because the next day the hangover is ridiculously amplified from the comedown. Anyways, around this point, somebody knocked on our door. It was startling. I realized that it was past 3AM and we were still blasting music in a small hotel. I quickly got up and turned down the music to a low level and put on some Radiohead and kicked back. We never answered the door though. I began to get cold so I threw my robe on me, and fell asleep next to C. A couple hours later C woke me up and requested that we switch beds to sleep more. We were simply laying on top of the bed, in our robes. I turned out out the lights, switched beds, and fell back asleep. 
315	3	a	The first thing I did when I woke up was give me and C a 5-HTP and vitamin B6. I believe I actually took two 5-HTPs. Which just about saved me. We had to leave and get back to my house fairly early. Surprisingly I didn’t feeling entirely horrible at first. I was just very scattered, mentally, and I found it difficult to motivate myself to clean stuff. Eventually, however, we gathered all of our stuff and got it ready to go. We did a final check and left our room with our stuff. We had to make two trips to the parking garage but I’m kind of glad for it. Right about when I first left the hotel room, as I was shutting the door, I felt the comedown really hit me. I felt like dying. Anxiety and severe depression crept in, mixed with whatever residual effects of alcohol. Thankfully the 5-HTP began to work it’s magic as I started walking around and breathing in the cool, fresh, outside air. We loaded up the car and checked out. I felt pretty decent again as we were walking to the check out/in office. So here is a good tip for comedowns: take the supplements, and go for a walk, as shitty as it feels. It will help flush out some of the toxins. We checked out and drove home. The drive back was pretty decent. I didn’t feel too horrible and the traffic wasn’t too bad.
316	3	a	We finally got home and tried to eat and we managed. That night for dinner we made a pretty elaborate, delicious meal, which really helped. However, as amazing as the experience was there was a plethora of negative effects. As I mentioned earlier, sucking on a pacifier was heavenly when rolling extremely hard, however, because my oral nerves (trigeminal nerve) was so horrifically stimulated I was sucking ridiculously hard. I sucked on the pacifier so vigorously and for so long that I actually sucked blood through my tongue. Sense of taste was extremely altered and for a few days I had an extremely disgusting taste in my mouth. As I looked in the mirror. I would see red streaks on my tongue from sucking so hard. I literally tasted blood for half of a week. 
317	3	a	Another downside was the psychological effects. The drive home was decent, my brain was simply just fried and stupefied and I didn’t have normal cognitive function. I found my thoughts to be much slower, and I felt very tired. The tiredness was probably the most intense sensation. What happened that night was probably the biggest eye-opener for me. I felt relatively normal with some minor residual comedown effects. But C and I decided to finish smoking a joint. However, I did not get high when I smoked, I got sideways. All of the negative effects of smoking weed were amplified (racing heart rate, cotton mouth, anxiety, etc) while the positive effects were essentially nonexistent. Then what unfolded was a self-induced panic attack. I had a horrible fear that I had permanently damaged my tongue, so that I would taste blood for the rest of my life. I also had a horrific fear that I would never be able to feel happiness again. A very peculiar thing about smoking, though, was that I was reacting similar to how I was when I was on E and C noticed it. I would roll my eyes, move my hands and feet, and would smack my mouth. Even though I did not feel any Ecstasy. It was uncomfortable.
318	3	a	About half a week after this I had the first seizure of my life. I was drinking beer and smoking weed. I would drink, then smoke, then drink, then smoke, spaced out throughout the night. Me and C went to the bathroom to brush our teeth. One of damaged spots in my mouth from doing E had developed into a Canker sore. The toothpaste I was using, I guess reacted with it oddly and caused it to hurt unusually much. I began to get irritated with C and sat down. I then got a wave of anxiety and nausea, and told C. Soon after I announced that I was going to pass out (or I attempted to), I blacked out. Luckily I was sitting and simply slouched forward. C did not know I was passed out and leaned me back, upon doing so my body began to shake. She quickly grabbed water and splashed me, and then put me on the ground. I came to, and all of my senses came flooding back at once. I responded with a groan and a “WUTHAFUCK JUST HAPPENED?!” I never went to the hospital for any of this. It was simply an eye-opener that I needed to cut back on everything.
319	3	a	I apologize for the length, but I felt responsible for giving all of the details. Before doing MDMA I was an atheist because I despised what religion did to people. After doing MDMA I became a far more spiritual person and it kick-started my spiritual journey. Since doing MDMA, I have been yearning to find God/Mother Nature/Ecstasy/Pure Love in my day to day life. I did MDMA two times after this but only took two pills, and did so very responsibly. It’s been almost a year since this particular experience, and maybe six months since I have done MDMA. I will do it again in the future but never as much as I did on this experience. My anxiety increased substantially for a week or so afterwards and my mental ability was stunted for a couple months. During those months I had a horrible fear that I had permanently damaged my brain and will never be as intelligent as I was before I did it. Occasionally I still feel that way.
320	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
321	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
322	3	a	from http://www.nerve.com/love-sex/i-did-it-for-science/i-did-it-for-science-drugs
323	3	a	In honor of Burning Man, an event where sex, drugs, and sex on drugs are all pretty commonplace things, we're taking a look at an old favorite: how a few of the more popular intoxicants on the market affect the oldest drug in the book.
324	3	a	I've never really had sex on drugs, but they've always been linked in my mind. Maybe that's because the guys who did drugs in high school were also getting sucked off by girls. Even today, I'm convinced that a boring, homely acquaintance of mine can truthfully claim an Elle cover model is his girlfriend only because he has an endless supply of Bolivian marching powder on hand.
325	3	a	But this experiment is about sex on drugs, not sex for drugs. Therefore, I plan to conduct the sexual act in its purest, most apolitical form — while being totally off my head. My goal is to find a dependable accessory to sex.
326	3	a	In other words, I want to find My Drug. It's like when you're sixteen, and you rummage around in your parents' liquor cabinet trying to determine which drink will be Your Drink. (Embarrassingly, mine's still Malibu and Coke.) The question I intend to answer: is sex on drugs even better than the real thing, or, like the inclusion of 'Hotter Than Hell (Demo Version)' on the reissue of Motley Crue's Shout at the Devil, just an unnecessary augmentation of the sublime?
327	3	a	I was an impressionable kid, and I was made leery of drugs at a young age. My fourth-grade teacher was an unkempt hippie who wore shirts with yellow pit stains and stored bits of lunch in his formidable beard. Once he told our class how two of his friends tried some magic mushrooms and keeled over right there, in some English meadow. Now, imagine your teacher telling you that when you're nine years old. It was some cold shit, I assure you. I was scared straight before my time. (Note of context: I saw Dark Crystal that same year and soiled my pants right in the theater.)
328	3	a	Adolescence brought me neither sex nor drugs. Since then, I've taken full advantage of everything I missed out on during a little period I like to call 'the 1990s,' but a move to New York only compounded my drug-based anxiety. Namely, I started to equate an old girlfriend's casual cocaine use with infidelity. I resented the way she'd disappear into a tiny scuzz-bar bathroom with her shady hook-up guy, then return to my side with a sly grin and sparkly eyes. Who knows what they were doing in there? Why was some other dude being drafted to make her feel good?
329	3	a	My current girlfriend went through what she calls her 'drug phase' a long time ago. Let me put it this way: if drugs were crayons, Erica started with the sixty-four pack. By the age of twenty-one, she'd done ketamine, meth, opium, whip-its — a maelstrom of substances that'd render her dangerous to cremate. When I requested her assistance with this experiment, she launched into an excruciating monologue about the finer details of being in a K-hole. It left us both slightly nauseated. Reluctantly, she agreed to participate, but only if she could stay clean and serve as a witness.
330	3	a	My editor decreed that the study would involve five substances. Crank, crack, inhalants, and the big H were ruled out at an early stage. We settled on ecstasy, cocaine, marijuana, mushrooms, and Viagra. Each would be evaluated by six criteria: immediate physical effect, tactile response, duration of sex, mental images produced, lab assistant's reaction, and comparison to usage outside the sexual realm.
331	3	a	Getting the drugs wasn't a problem. I had a pretty good idea which friends and co-workers could hook me up with what. I put out the call, and during the next week, nondescript envelopes appeared in discreet areas of my desk like four visits from the drug fairy. Only Bob Dole's little blue friend proved elusive. Online Viagra vendors were too expensive, and borrowing from someone's prescription wasn't an option: because my co-workers are women in the twenty-five to thirty age bracket, they aren't exactly in the prime demographic for erectile dysfunction. I finally turned to Craigslist, an infamous online bulletin board where one can obtain 'a slippery hand job, no questions asked,' from a bored stay-at-home mom as easily as one can acquire a used Thighmaster.
332	3	a	Sure enough, some guy had posted a 'Viagra Available' ad. He had a few pills left at $30 a pop. After a quick email volley, I met 'Mac,' a buff Latino dude, outside his gym in an upscale Brooklyn neighborhood. He invited me to 'take a little walk' with him. As we strolled down a tree-lined residential avenue, every apple-cheeked, stroller-toting family looked like a team of undercover narcs. 'You've done this shit before, right?' Mac asked. I nervously replied that I had not. He assured me that I was going to have 'a real good time.' It was then that I became acutely embarrassed: here I was, talking to a stranger — a drug dealer of sorts — about the award-winning, four-hour erection he was going to help me achieve. 'Half of one of these will be plenty,' Mac said, handing over a little envelope containing the goods. 'You've got four great nights there!' We shook hands, and he asked if I needed anything else. I wasn't sure what he meant. Some Preparation-H, some tough-actin' Tinactin, perchance? The man was like a walking Rite-Aid.
333	3	a	Back in Manhattan, Erica and I were determined to get right down to business. We wanted to keep the experiment pure, minding two very important guidelines:
334	3	a	2. Cleanse the palate between drugs. It would be scientifically irresponsible to hoof a baggie of blow while in the throes of a 'moody Tuesday' brought on by Sunday's ecstasy.
335	3	a	Of course, everything went pear-shaped. Typically, Erica and I will get it on wherever, whenever, but for the next several weeks, whenever we were together and horny with a couple of hours to spare, the gear would be sitting in the other person's apartment across town. I started carrying everything with me at all times. For a week, I walked the streets of New York like a living sampler plate of narcotic treats. Still, we couldn't get our shit together: whenever I was free, Erica had to work, and vice versa.
336	3	a	All told, I had two months to plan, execute and deliver the assignment.
337	3	a	I ended up doing all five drugs within seventy-two hours. 
338	3	a	As instructed by my dealer-cum-pharmacist, I cut the dime-sized 100mg tablet in half and knocked one back with a glass of water. I knew that Viagra takes twenty-five to forty-five minutes to kick in, so Erica and I sat down to watch American Idol.
339	3	a	After twenty minutes, I began to feel queasy and flushed, but I attributed this as much to syrupy renditions of '70s ballads as anything else. Glancing in the mirror, I saw that my ears and cheeks were rosy. According to the 'literature' I'd downloaded from Pfizer's website, Viagra's intended effects are noticeable only once you get an erection. Because I live in a state of perma-arousal, within a minute or two I had a woody so hard that a cat couldn't scratch it.
340	3	a	A little background info: a man experiences different types of erections, from 'The Barfly' to 'The Thumper.' Viagra had given me a pulsing, monster Thumper. To say it plain, my dick felt like it was going to explode. Instantly, I was in that sublime zone between being ridiculously aroused and having to think about Al 'Grandpa Munster' Lewis on the crapper to keep from shooting my bolt.
341	3	a	Other than the, uh, physical changes, the main difference was mental. The inherent disconnect between my genitalia and brain widened exponentially. Penises are often referred to as tools, and that's exactly what mine felt like: a woodlike, dildonic prosthesis that was being ridden with little emotional or physical input from me. The experience was strangely feminizing: for the first time, I was a passive partner during sex, able to fuck without necessarily being turned on or even having my head in the game.
342	3	a	As expected, intercourse went on for ages. I could have lasted all night, but at just over two-and-a-quarter hours, a chafed, tired and slightly dazed Erica called time. I pulled out and she jerked me off over her boobs. The orgasm was amazing and powerful. I came a lot. A whole lot. Like, something reminiscent of Peter 'Two Quarts' North. Erica and I looked at each other, aghast as a bovine volume of come showered the general vicinity. We started cracking up before I was done. I stopped laughing when the usual refractory period didn't follow — my erection simply wouldn't go away. After twenty minutes, I became concerned. I needed to pee. Badly. Ten minutes later, my erection deflated just enough to allow a painful, wildly imprecise squirt. After that, I returned to a semi-dormant state.
343	3	a	For ten minutes while we were screwing, every time I blinked I'd see large blue dots, about the size of a dinner plate as viewed from three feet away. I would've been alarmed, but I had read about this side effect on the Pfizer website earlier. Apparently, some men have blue-tinted vision for the better part of their experience. On one hand, that's alarming. The upside, I guess, is that you can pretend you're banging Smurfette.
344	3	a	Erica didn't note major differences in my technique or presentation, other than a red complexion and a slight emotional distance.
345	3	a	I'd never actually seen 'shrooms before a small baggie of them appeared on my desk. Everyone told me that they were 'fun' but 'tasted like ass.' Around two o' clock on a Wednesday afternoon, Erica sliced several into a peanut-butter-and-pickle sandwich, which I tried to eat without chewing and almost choked to death. At her behest, we went outside to wait for things to kick in. I was told that's how 'shrooms are best enjoyed — other than at a Dave Matthews gig, of course.
346	3	a	We walked down Avenue A and looked in some stores. I began to feel queasy and in need of air, so we sat down on a bench in Tompkins Square Park. The nausea subsided, and I began to feel super-chilled-out. Whenever Erica said something, I thought about it hard, mulled my response carefully and delivered it several seconds afterward.
347	3	a	Aside from a couple of trees in the foreground, the park looked like a piece of stage scenery. People looked like moving Colorforms that had been stuck on. It was like somebody turned up the color-and-silly-grin dial on the TV set in my mind. I watched a bunch of kids run over to a big, jolly man with a shaved head and an entirely tattooed face. They tried to climb him as if he were a stout oak tree. His laughter and general charisma were Santa-esque. He sat down, and his magnetic effect seemed to work on squirrels and birds. Over his shoulder, a toothless old Latina woman let forth a bloodcurdling, wheezy laugh. She straddled a much younger man on a bench, and they started making out and dry humping. A slow-moving police car would idle past, and the woman would temper her movements accordingly. Shortly thereafter, a pigeon flew into my head and flapped its wings on the side of my face. I began to understand that weird shit happens in Tompkins Square Park on a Wednesday afternoon, whether you're on psychedelic drugs or not. Erica and I retrenched to my apartment.
348	3	a	We undressed and got into bed, and Erica invited me to watch the room breathe. I stared at the walls but couldn't see it, and wondered aloud why the fuck you would want to do that anyway. Erica and I began to kiss and writhe around, but strangely enough, sex was the furthest thing from my mind. The mushrooms I had taken were supposed to be magic, but my penis was looking decidedly shiitake-like.
349	3	a	Erica and I kissed and held each other for fifteen minutes, but I simply had no hydraulic action. Bah! Spooning followed.
350	3	a	In a phrase: shock and awe. For the first time Erica, witnessed my completely disinterested member. It didn't bother her too much; she found it kind of novel to be spooned without getting the 'hot dog in the bun.'
351	3	a	First, know this: I can't smoke anything. A mere drag on a cigarette makes me gag. The only time I really got stoned was when I was eighteen and ingested an insane amount of Moroccan hashish via a cup of 'special hot chocolate.' After I drank one cup and noticed no difference, the chef cooked me up a more potent brew. I spent the next four hours alone, vomiting, shivering and firmly under the assumption that I was a piece of black paper cut into a silhouette of a person with red and yellow LEDs running around the perimeter.
352	3	a	Because of my general ineptitude with pot, I made this a big production number. Weed: check. Bowl: check. Lighter: check. Condoms: check. I guess if smoking were more natural to me, things would have gone more smoothly, but Erica even had to coach me in how to toke. It was embarrassing. As she prepped the bowl and fired up a lighter, I prepared to inhale. I tried to tell myself that I was just being a pussy all those years ago, that I could handle it now. But even the tang of the residue on the glass pipe caused my mouth to water and my lower lip to droop in that special, just-about-to-barf way. I closed my eyes and took a huge drag. Then I started coughing and couldn't stop. Two minutes later, the hacking subsided and I took another hit. I did this four times over an eight-minute period. Erica rolled her eyes and said that with all the huffing and puffing she'd just witnessed, she'd guesstimate I was a six or seven on the Harrelson scale of highness. I relaxed, and a tingly feeling swept over me. I started screaming, 'I feel high, I feel high! Quick, get undressed!' and shoved her into the bedroom.
353	3	a	Bear in mind that this is only the second time I've been stoned. Ever. I felt heavy, like somebody had turned up Earth's gravitational pull a few notches. Erica's skin felt like a soft, warm down comforter, the coziest thing you could imagine. I wanted to wrap her around myself completely. She held me as if I were a small child, and we started making out. The next part is kind of hazy. From what I can remember, as soon as I entered her and we hit a rhythm, my penis felt like a metal rod, pointed north like a compass. Previously, whenever I'd heard the phrase 'time lost its meaning,' I'd laughed at the cliché. But that's exactly how I'd describe the sex we had. Luckily, Erica prompted me to change positions whenever she got bored and/or sore; otherwise I would have kept banging away, blissed-out and stiff as a board, until the break of dawn.
354	3	a	About two minutes after taking a hit, I experienced visions similar to the ones I had in Morocco, i.e. images of mid-'70s children's furniture with Muppets' heads stuck on them. These appeared like a slide show in my mind, each item scrolling from right to left. Between the images was infinite darkness. Occasionally, I'd see British TV personalities from my early childhood, decked out in mid-to-late-'70s fashions and hairdos. Strangely, the size of the hair didn't seem to match the size of the wearer, as if he or she were quivering under the weight of it all. Maybe that's what the '70s were like. I can't really remember.
355	3	a	I'll say it again: time lost its meaning. Erica told me she called time after ninety minutes. My orgasm took a lot of concentration and arrived with a firework finale of obscure memories I'd been unwittingly harboring since I was a toddler. At one point I said to Erica, 'My mind is massive.'
356	3	a	Erica was already sleepy when we started. We had crammed a lot of drugs and sex into the previous twenty-four hours. If I hadn't known better, I'd have guessed she was stoned too. Instead, she was taking a rare opportunity to relax — without me pulling her around, trying to induce dirty talk or folding her in half at the waist, she just chilled out while I embarked on my bizarro sex trip to the Carter Administration. Afterward, she told me that I had seemed 'somewhere else' during the whole thing, my eyes screwed tight, a bemused expression on my face. Although she initially found this amusing, she said that after a while it was like being schtupped by a zombie or Tom Ridge.
357	3	a	Even though it was much milder, the experience was similar to the last time I got stoned some seven-and-a-half years earlier. The same mental imagery and heavy feeling were accompanied by — get this! — a different way of understanding time. I guess I'm just really susceptible to pot. I enjoyed the intensity of the experience, though. If I could take a hit without coughing up my pelvis, I'd do it a whole lot more often. 
358	3	a	I've never felt horny when taking E. Like everyone else, I just want to hug, talk utter shit to complete strangers, tell them that I love them and then suck their faces. This time was going to be different: I had an agenda, I wasn't at a party, and I was getting paid to do it. Around three in the afternoon, I popped a pill. Erica and I drew a bath, climbed into the tub facing each other, and waited for me to get all touchy-feely.
359	3	a	About twenty minutes into our soak, I started rolling really hard. I took a huge sigh, and it felt like my first breath. I've never started tripping in the tub before, and part of me ardently believes that, from a health-and-safety perspective, it's a wholly inadvisable thing to do. (Ecstasy tends to make your body temperature fluctuate wildly, and, well, there's the whole drowning thing to consider.) In truth, however, it felt great. So great, in fact, that I forgot about that whole time thing again. I spent the next two hours being more chatty and grindy than I ever have. The batch of E I bought must have had truth serum and a good amount of speed in it, because I spent much time spewing inner feelings Erica had not been a party to. Unfortunately, we had tickets for a play in Midtown and had to leave for the theater by seven. When I stopped yakking for a second and looked at the clock, I was horrified to see that we only had fifty minutes to complete the experiment.
360	3	a	As expected, I didn't really feel much like having sex and just wanted to hug. But being the consummate professional that I am, we dived on the bed and, with Erica watching the clock, started going at it. Or tried to. Even though the idea of sex on E was appealing, the simple act of putting skin on skin was more so.
361	3	a	I was having so much fun kissing Erica, I figured I'd smooch her down below too. While going down on her, I maneuvered her legs so they were propped over my shoulders and I could feel them running down the length of my back. My little soldier was somewhat out of the game although a little happier than when I was on the mushrooms. Forty minutes later, my wang was being wholly uncooperative. Even a helping hand wasn't actually . . . helping.
362	3	a	'Hurry up; we're going to be late. By the way, did I tell you it's actually a three-person musical and not really a play?' If you're going to take ecstasy, please have the werewithal not to come down in an overly air-conditioned repertory theatre watching three drama kids sing songs about popcorn at cranium-splitting pitches. It really sucks. That said, it's an effective antidote to feeling lovey-dovey. I came out of there feeling as mean as cat shit.
363	3	a	I'd heard conflicting reports about sex on coke. Some of my friends who tried it ended up with wieners as stiff as a sock full of porridge. That said, I once read about this German guy who would snort coke to maintain an erection for long periods of time. He then decided to inject his penis with a cocaine solution that would give him an all-day erection. Three days later, his member turned purple, then black, then had to be amputated along with his testicles and all of his fingers and toes.
364	3	a	Other than that, I'd never really thought about what sex on cocaine could entail. I mean, I know what I'm like when I'm on coke: chatty and teeth grind-y. I guess I'd always thought that, in theory at least, doing a line off a girl's ass might be hot.
365	3	a	Feeling a bit James Spaderesque, I chopped out a big line on Erica's tanned, flat stomach, rolled up a dollar bill and snorted away. I was immediately familiar with the drug's bitter taste and subsequent tingle. I did another line and was pleased not to notice the wilting effect that my friends had experienced.
366	3	a	I'd never really done anything remotely physical while on coke, aside from some light dancing and animated chatting with anyone who'd listen. (Incidentally, an ex once told me that she found a line or two handy while motivating herself to go to the gym.) After a little while, I became acutely aware that my heart was pounding fiercely. I did another line off the small of Erica's back and got behind her. I was stiffer than a roll of quarters, and I wanted to fuck hard. My heart pounded faster. I imagined news of my 'pulling an Entwhistle' being delivered to my editor, and his face ... oh, the horror! Hyper-awareness turned to fear. After a few minutes of imagining my heart exploding, I decided to let Erica get on top.
367	3	a	My eyes were as wide open as they would go. A mild tremor ran through my body. I felt the need to anchor myself to Erica. I gripped her waist as tightly as I could and dug my fingertips so far into her ass cheeks I'm surprised I didn't leave permanent indents. I felt kind of nasty, like some awful Wall Street archetype. I tried to push the image of Gordon Gekko out of my mind, to no avail. I barked orders, ground my teeth and spoke with my jaw clamped tight, sounding like Miss Hathaway from Beverly Hillbillies.
368	3	a	Envy and contempt. This was the drug Erica had the most reservations about. Of the potpourri of substances she'd done in the past, coke was her favorite. In fact, she had a little habit. Doing blow in front of her was like handcuffing Betty Ford to a case of Crown Royal.
369	3	a	About twenty minutes. With cardiac arrest imminent and Erica licking her lips ravenously, I decided to quit while I was ahead.
370	3	a	When there are no strangers around to tell you how wonderful your shitty little life is, half of cocaine's appeal goes right out the window. Coke jibes well with me in a social setting, but shagging on it was alarming. I felt disgusted with myself and sorry for putting Erica through it. 
371	3	a	On a purely visceral level, many of the sensations I experienced on these substances were amazing — some of them even made me oblivious to the presence of my girl. Sex on weed was really quite mind-expanding. By far, it was the best experience and the one I'd most like to try again. It was infinitely more intense than anything else, which came as a surprise, because it seems less demonized by the media and therefore more benign than coke or ecstasy. The only problem is that doing any drug has the potential to make sex a staged experience. (This is where Erica's ex-boyfriend had the advantage over me. He was a career stoner, so when they got down, chances were he was already baked.)
372	3	a	http://www.nerve.com/love-sex/i-did-it-for-science/i-did-it-for-science-drugs
373	3	a	This experiment made me wonder just what the fuck I was doing all those years, while the other kids were smoking everything but their socks and popping E like Tylenol. At the grand age of twenty-six, I can't help feeling a bit suburban and long-in-the-tooth. My peers are either still using drugs occasionally, or else they got over junk the same summer they got over leather jackets with an eight-ball on the back.
374	3	a	Point being, drugs are something almost all of us have dabbled with, used or abused at some time. In the past, I've done drugs just for the sake of being on something, and that's been enough. But using five different substances to enhance a single activity produced the same result: a heightened sense of self-awareness. When you strip away your preconceptions of a drug is 'for' (i.e. weed for sex, Ecstasy for dancing), you realize that they way they affect our minds and bodies is, to a large extent, contextual. Ultimately, this experiment made me think of drugs not as a 'thrill,' a 'habit' or an 'addiction,' but as a condiment. Like applesauce with pork or, say, the Captain with Tennille, sex and drugs can be ideal companions, or simply a nightmare compounded.
375	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
376	3	a	Cannabis (1), Cocaine (13), Mushrooms (39), MDMA (3), Pharms - Sildenafil (130) : Various (28), Sex Discussion (14), General (1)
377	3	a	I am a 45 year old male approximately 185 lbs. married with 3 children. I/we have used MDMA or variations thereof for 7 years. My wife and I only use together and never in combination with any other drugs. We have been to rave clubs and rolled a few times and had friends over and rolled with other couples (platonically) and all were fun but not really for us. A normal roll, the ones we plan for and look forward to are the times we lock the world out and roll alone together. We spend as much as a week primping the house and planning for the children’s supervision. We try to find new things to experiment with for our night and we make sure that we are mentally prepared. This is the most important part, we never roll to work out problems or if we are having trouble, it’s not necessarily for that and can, I feel, create problems later in the relationship. We on the other hand use it when we are doing ok but feel the need to reflect and dream about our future and how the kids are doing in our eyes. All the things we never seem to have the time or find the importance to talk about being a typical dual income family in the 21st century. We use it to more or less reconnect and better understand what the other is going through inside the walls busy people tend to build to block out the things that seem petty or selfish at the time but we ponder about when we have time alone with our thoughts. We spoil ourselves and each other with attention. I will run down a timeline of a typical roll for us. They vary in time depending on allotted time and how much “X” we have, anywhere from 8 to 20 hours. 
378	3	a	T-48:00 hrs. , we shop for supplies (water, candles, oils various other things that over the months we see and think “wow that would be fun the next time we roll”), we get the kids ready for there adventure (a weekend at grandma’s or the like), I load the computer with a huge collection of music, one folder full of techno trance and one with soft mellow stuff like Enigma, lots of music. We get the house completely clean, sheets, blankets, towels, clothing, trash took out, everything done. 
379	3	a	T-01:00, kids are long gone, house is clean. Phone unplugged, everything is set and the excitement builds.  
380	3	a	T-00:00, we fill the tub, light a few scented candles and take one pill each. We bathe together and relax or try too. By the time we get finished shaving and rinsing off we are usually starting to feel the effects, say 30 minutes into it and that time varies. 
381	3	a	T+00:45, we retreat to the bedroom and fire up the music, loud enough to enjoy yet low enough to talk comfortably. We start with maybe a game of card’s or dice and step lightly into conversation until we feel the full effects of the roll kick in usually grinning a lot and bouncing to the techno flowing out of the sound system.
382	3	a	T+01:30, we have by then hit on a few topics that flow into conversation that justifies undivided attention and the game playing stops. We always are in contact physically either legs touching or most usually rubbing something a foot or calf usually works good when sitting across from one an other. Never anything sexual, that takes away from the purpose of where we are at. Still the music plays on catching our attention from time to time if the beat or the song itself catches the right pause in our thoughts. This goes on until we feel we have comfortably caught up with where each other is at this point in our lives usually four hours or more. Usually requiring a second pill or sometimes just a half each. 
383	3	a	T+05:30, by now the conversation has ran its coarse for the most part and I am usually slowing her thoughts with a nice full on foot massage with lots of oil. I must confess at this time that I have somewhat of a skin fetish and the tactile enhancement that ecstasy provides is fortunate for both of us. When the time is right and for some reason we both know when that is, we go into a routine of a full on whole body massage, we change the music to the softer side like Enigma and the like and turn it up just a little because we still talk a little through this precious portion of our adventure. I fancy myself a rather good amateur masseuse and pride myself as such. I will massage with and too the music and get totally rapped up in the job at hand enjoying every muscle and inch of skin I encounter rubbing hard and then soft in unison with the music. Sometimes working muscles and sometimes more of a sensual rubbing and touching yet still nothing sexual …. Well ok maybe a little anxious build up by now. I will work on areas that she feels need a bit more attention then others because aside from my personal enjoyment as the giver my intention is for it to benefit her as well. 
384	3	a	The energy that ecstasy gives me is a great thing about now and I will work her body over for no less than two and as much as four hours. I usually sweat profusely for most of this and sweatband and lots of water are essential as are towels, no one likes to be sweated on so we take care to avoid this at all costs. We always find something new to try weather its new oil or massage technique or position. Verbal communication is essential and we are at our best while rolling and it makes anything we do together new or old better since we are in tune with our own and each others needs. We may by now if time and will allows take another dose, these are usually the really long nights actually going into the next day with blacked out windows.  This is the point where we wish we could stay forever just talking and massaging each other for hours and hours feeling completely back on track as a perfectly partnered couple. A lot of sighing and long soft hugs usually go on about now. By now there is a lot more full body contact and we tend to be fully absorbed in each other and everything we do begins to be more sensually motivated until we can’t take it anymore and we bond in a physical, emotional and spiritual way that we have yet to mimic any other way. 
385	3	a	I would like to add a final note that we use in extreme moderation as in never more frequently then once every three months so we don’t burn out and diminish the all too valuable effects that we so desire. 
386	3	a	Thanks for reading and enjoy safely, I really hope this helps someone.
387	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
388	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Therapeutic Intent or Outcome (49), Relationships (44), Families (41), General (1)
389	3	a	I'm a second year graduate student with a light history of drug use.  Reading about a study [http://www.erowid.org/references/refs_view.php?ID=7056] on the effects of low dose MDMA on verbal memory skills prompted me to write up a report on my own experiences in that department. Over the past six months I had been noticing a strange mental sluggishness in my ability to come up with people's names, bands, sports teams, etc--strange in light of the fact that my critical thinking skills seem fine.  I commented to my girlfriend that it felt as if the 'Noun-generator' in my brain was broken.  The article I read reiterated exactly what I've been reflecting on.  I think there's a good chance that some very occasional MDMA use has had a long term impact on my ability to come up with names.  
390	3	a	I've taken MDMA about 6-8 times spread out over a period of four years (age 21-25). Lowest dose was probably 40mgs, highest dose around 185 mgs (125 + 60mg booster).  My last dose was ~125 mgs, six months ago.  I smoked pot regularly throughout college, quitting completely around 6 months ago.  I take adderall around exam time, usually a low dose regimen of 10-15 mgs a day for two to three weeks.  I've also experimented with LSD, Mushrooms, and had one terrible experience with DOC.  As the months of complete sobriety pass by, I've noticed the sort of slight sharpening up of my faculties that one would expert.  But this word recall problem has stuck with me, and at month six, is not getting any better, even with the rigorous mental exercise that graduate school puts you through.  
391	3	a	My logic skills and my ability to recall rules / facts seems fine. I do very well on multiple choice tests. But since I started using MDMA I've had a very tough time coming up with words, particularly nouns, on the spot. People's names, even people I know well, escape me. Can't remember the names of bands, albums, or songs. If I'm given a few seconds, sometimes the name will come, and sometimes it won't.  Over thanksgiving, my grandma was telling a story, and she said, 'Oh, I can't believe I'm not going to be able to come up with her name.'  I know exactly what she means by that.  It's like a gap in the tracks. It sucks. It's very hard for me to socialize with people I don't know, because most social interaction is really an intelligence test, in a way. I can't tell you how many times I've had a funny interjection on the tip of my tongue, but I couldn't remember the name of some detail. So I end up just sitting there and smiling.  Like a feeble-minded elderly person.  No offense.  But as a healthy, sober, 25 year old with above average intelligence, when I can't come up with the names of some of my closest acquaintances, or the names of the 12 students in a seminar class after months of bi-weekly meetings, I think it's right to sound the alarm that something might have gone wrong with my relatively light drug experimentation.
392	3	a	If I could go back, I'd avoid MDMA. It has probably made me a more empathetic person, but in a sort of docile way. I'm convinced it has also severely decreased my ability to spontaneously recall nouns. In the end, the hassle of this cognitive impairment has FAR outweighed the few hours of bliss I had on the substance.
393	3	a	One could ask, how can I be sure verbal memory difficulties stem from my MDMA use? Obviously I can't. I DO know that I never had this fog / dead zone in my head prior to using MDMA. I also can see that those around me who haven't taken MDMA don't seem to have the same impairment.  In light of the building evidence of MDMA's effects (see the link above) and the uncanny description of the exact phenomenon I've been experiencing, I think chances are good I've done myself some harm. 
394	3	a	So that's it.  I'm done with MDMA for good, and if you're doing research and deciding whether to take it, I'd recommend thinking long and hard about the potential for life-long mental impairment. 
395	3	a	If you want a blissful, transcendent experience, I would just take 1.5-2 grams of mushrooms instead of MDMA. I've done this at raves, small house parties, concerts, etc, and it's always a blast.  I used mushrooms from age 18-21 and, from my own point of view, didn't suffer any mental problems until I started taking MDMA.
396	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
397	3	a	MDMA (3) : Post Trip Problems (8), General (1), Unknown Context (20)
398	3	a	I am a 35-year-old woman who discovered that MDMA eliminated my gag reflex during oral sex. 
399	3	a	I've had a couple of previous experiences with MDMA and quite a few more with oral sex, but had never combined the two.  I am not on any other medications or supplements and did not take any other drug along with the MDMA.  On the evening in  question, about two hours into an Ecstasy trip, I was performing oral  sex on my companion when I became aware that the gag reflex that  normally would kick in at a certain point was simply gone.  My partner's  entire and substantial penis was comfortably all the way down my throat,  and I had no uncomfortable or unpleasant physical sensations whatsoever  -- to the contrary, I felt perfectly comfortable.  No special effort was  required to keep this up, and I comfortably continued on for about 10  minutes (and could have continued longer, given the opportunity, but  other activities beckoned).  
400	3	a	Within several hours, my voice became noticeably hoarse, which I suspect  was due to the act.  We also noticed that -- although he didn't have an  orgasm during that particular act -- for the rest of the night after  that, the usual MDMA-induced inhibition of orgasm was gone on his side,  and I've speculated that my (our?) achievement was responsible for that. 
401	3	a	I will note that while I consider myself not unskilled in this area,  I've never been able to achieve this previously.  I intend to conduct  further study to attempt to replicate my results.
402	3	a	I am the male companion referenced in the report above. I am also 35  years old, and had only taken MDMA a few times prior to this experience.  Prior to the incident in question, we had had sex twice that night, once  right after we ingested Ecstasy, and once perhaps an hour later after we  both had begun to feel the effects of the drug. I did not achieve an  orgasm during the second session of sex. Approximately 20-25 minutes  later, my companion began to perform oral sex on me. After a couple  minutes I became aware of an unfamiliar sensation -- I looked down and  my companion had swallowed the entirety of my phallus. She appeared to  notice at the same time, and we agreed her gag reflex appeared to be  suppressed by MDMA.
403	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
404	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Sex Discussion (14), General (1)
405	3	a	In the middle of December of '05, my mother invited me to a vacation on a cruise ship to Mexico. At the time, I was living on my own with my girlfriend, not going to school, (which was my original goal in moving out -- that just never truly panned out at the time. I mean, living on your own in Los Angeles with your girlfriend -- god, we were dead broke half the time, I couldn't begin to think about school), and more or less estranged from my family. My father had the typical 'Well, you're not going to school, that's disappointing, but on the other hand, you're working full time, that's commendable' attitude towards my situation, but wholly disapproved of me living with my girlfriend. My mother felt the same way, but definitely did not enjoy the idea that I was working full time at a less-than-adequate retail job and not pursuing my education. She felt like we had lost touch, and that perhaps that was the reason for my inactivity towards my life goals. She felt that a family vacation would be just the thing to begin the process of reconnecting.
406	3	a	I was not in a happy situation, personally. I wasn't happy with my girlfriend, who had already decided that we were going to be married. At the age of twenty, I definitely was not ready to settle down. We had gotten together the year before, and I was having second thoughts about everything. And yet, I couldn't break free from her. I loved her. I knew that I needed to explore the world around me without someone attached to my back, pulling me down, but on some level I enjoyed that feeling immensely. I felt like I wanted to go back to school, but I couldn't achieve that considering where I was in life. I thought I had obligations to her that I couldn't drop.
407	3	a	I really looked forward to the vacation. I could tell my mother wanted to bond closer to me and have the sort of friends-for-life relationship that most parents achieve with their kids later on once they come of age. I awaited the chance to have a nice, long talk with her. And honestly, I also looked forward to having a break from my girlfriend -- a chance to really go over things in my head without her being such a constant presence around me all the time. When she was around, my brain tended to cloud my decision-making process with a sort of autonomic love -- I couldn't think clearly about the greater picture with her nearby.
408	3	a	Considering that this would be a therapeutic trip for me, I decided to bring something along to catalyze my introspection a little. I acquired two pills from a friend of mine. Two little, badly-pressed orange pills with the McDonald's logo etched into them (he called them 'happy meals' -- gotta love e-humor). They were tested as having a relatively high dose of MDMA with a very small amount of methamphetamine, if I remember correctly.
409	3	a	The day I was to leave on the cruise ship, I considered the situation intently. I had never brought pills (or anything of that nature) before onto [essentially] a mode of public transportation. I had figured it'd be easier than, say, transporting them onto an airplane, but I had no idea whether there would be dogs, or how we would be searched (if at all). I decided to be as precautious as possible. My friend suggested I tape them to the inside of my leg near my testicles. I did this, and (considering I have a wealth of hair down there, sorry, you probably didn't need to know that) I brought with me a small pair of scissors to cut the tape later once I had gotten on board successfully. This turned out to be a stupid idea, but luckily in the end, not that big of a deal.
410	3	a	When we finally got to the x-ray machines just before boarding, I bellowed a huge sigh of relief that there weren't any drug dogs. I realized that I probably could have easily left the pills in my pocket and I would have been fine, but when dealing with an issue that could potentially have been very serious in nature, I was glad to feel a little more safe. I walked through the x-ray with no difficulties (obviously), and went to go pick up my luggage that was on the conveyor belt. I was then suddenly asked to walk over to the side of the room by one of the officials. I think I came close to soiling my pants at that point. How could they have known? Was I completely fucked?
411	3	a	It turns out that they saw the scissors in my luggage, and I couldn't bring them on board. I didn't even stop to think earlier that scissors constituted a weapon (and they were the little arts-and-crafts safety scissors that kindergarten students use). They had to be confiscated, and I gladly relinquished them without a fuss, picked up my now untainted luggage, and quickly hopped aboard the ship. I again sighed with relief. Of course, I gulped again when I realized how I would have to disengage the duct tape from my inner thigh. After locating me and my brother's room, I went to the bathroom to perform the expectedly painful deed I had to do, completely scissor-less! It took me several minutes of slowly peeling and wincing, but it wasn't really as bad as I thought it would be. I thought about trying to track down something to cut the tape with, but I couldn't think of anything they would actually loan me that wouldn't be considered a weapon.
412	3	a	I had some light dinner with my family after leaving the bathroom, and then waited until later that night to proceed with my plans...
413	3	a	Around 9:00pm, December 31st, the cruise-ship was somewhere between Los Angeles and Mexico, about a hundred miles offshore. There was ocean as far as the eye could see, and there were noticeable swells in the ocean. The skies were partly cloudy, and there was a light mist of rain intermittently. Aside from that, it was a particularly warm night (oddly enough, considering the rain, the time of year, and the location). I was ready to take my first pill of ecstasy. I retired to the bathroom again and turned on the shower faucet. I planned on taking a quick shower anyway, and proceeded to do so. After my shower was complete, I left the faucet running while I opened my little baggie. For some reason, I had decided it would be fun to snort my first pill, considering I've never snorted a whole one before all at once.
414	3	a	I crushed the whole thing up, pounded the remains into oblivion with my perfectly flat library ID card (don't you hate it when you use a credit card, and the little bits of colorful powder get stuck in the grooves?), and prepared a surprisingly long line of orange dust. I gasped at how a tiny pill could provide a line of such size. I quickly thought it more intelligent to break up the line into three smaller lines, and then I proceeded to rail the whole 'happy meal' up slowly, alternating nostrils with each line (my friends, you have witnessed the future of fast food).
415	3	a	I coughed a little at the sensation of having a portion of the line impact the back of my throat. This is probably the grossest aspect of snorting pills of ecstasy, in my humble opinion. I felt like my sinuses were covered in dirt (essentially, this was true!) and I gagged a bit. I went to the sink to snort up a bit of water to wash out my nose and kill some of the stinging sensations, and then I killed the shower and left the bathroom, got dressed, and decided on my next move. I thought it'd be incredibly fun to go up to the main deck and be amongst the stars as the drug hit me. This turned out to be yet another mistake.
416	3	a	I put on a leather jacket and walked slowly to the top of the cruise ship. I was a little jittery by this point, but not significantly, and I reasoned that I could easily handle this. Once I got to the deck, around 9:45pm (about seven minutes after taking the pill), it was unbelievably crowded with people, and they were blaring loud party music. Not your typical 'spooky ecstasy music' as David Alan Grier once put it, but run-of-the-mill New Year's Eve party music -- '1999' by Prince, and similar stupid dance songs that you'd find on all sorts of cheapo compilations. I started to feel a little dizzy, so I made my way to the railing on the side of the boat and watched the ocean. Suddenly I began to be a little short of breath, and it sounded like the annoyingly loud music was starting to quiet down. Soon, it felt like all noise was slowly diminishing as I started to dwindle down into my own world. I grasped the railing as I felt a wave of nausea overcome me. I had never come up that quickly, and around that much aural and visual stimulation, it was just too much.
417	3	a	My breathing became a bit more labored, and I knew I had to get out of there. I didn't feel comfortable spewing over the edge of the boat, so I attempted to get back to my room. But there were too many people around, and I was quickly becoming more confused. I wasn't going to make it. I ran up to an official and asked calmly where the bathroom was. The man told me, and then commented that I didn't look so great. I thanked him, told him I was a little seasick, and ran off to the bathroom. I had to stumble my way through several rooms to get there, and I kept thinking to myself, 'That's it Trevor, you fucked up, you're going to collapse on a cruise ship in front of your family and all these non-drug taking folk, and it's going to be a huge embarrassment!'
418	3	a	After finding the bathroom (against all odds), I quickly bashed my way into one of the stalls and vomited into the toilet. At that point, I held onto that porcelain lifesaver like I had done so many times on land for several minutes while I regained my mental bearings and balanced my sensorium. As soon as I felt better, I walked over to the sink and drank a couple cups of water. I suddenly felt very refreshed and wonderful. That typical ecstasy euphoria washed over me and I felt better. I decided it would be worth relaxing in my room for just a bit while I recovered.
419	3	a	I lay in bed and entered a trance of deep thought. My brother was there, in the room. I glanced at him for a second. He was playing a game on a Gameboy. I smiled to myself. I loved my brother very much. He was only five years younger than me. He didn't do drugs, or at least he had tried marijuana a couple times here and there. He was a good kid. I knew I had to keep in better touch with him. I totally loved him, and I never, ever said it. I thought about my mother, and I thought about how hard it is to see your kids at this age, slowly drifting away, making their own decisions, for better or worse. It actually made me tear up a bit. Familial relationships are so dauntingly complex. And, moreover, we take them for granted so often. At that point, I decided to never take my relationship with my family for granted. It was a simple realization, but under the influence of MDMA, even the tiniest thought can dramatically echo for miles inside your head.
420	3	a	I then asked my brother if he wanted to go up to the deck to chat for a bit. He nodded, probably confused that I actually asked to spend some quality time with him. I wasn't afraid that he'd think I was on something -- usually when I roll, my eyes don't dilate that significantly, and furthermore the deck was a bit dark and it wouldn't have been noticeable. Up on the deck, we found a quieter area away from the partygoers, and we chatted about life, my parents' divorce, my brother's relationships with girls, school, and all these things we never even bothered discussing before. For the first time in a long time, I felt like I had a real brother. Before this, my relationship with my brother was that of an older brother talking down to a younger one, a mostly superficial acquaintanceship. At that point, he was my best friend, something I had always missed out on. We were equals at that moment.
421	3	a	I let him run off for a bit after talking for a good half an hour. By this point I was peaking nicely, and I decided to go for a swim in the jacuzzi. I tracked down a towel and some trunks and jumped in. The rain had now escalated to a heavy drizzle. Coupled with the gloriously comfortable heat of the jacuzzi, it was a wonderful experience. There I was, rolling balls, in a jacuzzi, in the middle of the pacific ocean. Now that's unique. I felt like I was in a womb.
422	3	a	I pretty much ran out of things to do after I took my second pill about two hours into the experience. I realized that without having anyone to experience ecstasy with or, for that matter, have anyone to even tell about my experience, I felt a bit bored and restrained. I decided to cut away my expectations of having a social roll as I had become accustomed to, and to focus on myself. I took numerous walks around the deck, observing people and thinking about my current life goals and what they needed to be. I waltzed through the casino a few times, and couldn't help but realize how pointless and life-sucking gambling can be! Although, it was nice watching the lights.
423	3	a	I bought a glass of juice, and sat on a lounge chair on one of the observation decks, watching the stars. Suddenly my mother crept up behind me and yelled 'Boo!' She was holding a cup of coffee and wanted to visit. My first thought was to tell her I felt a little ill and to retire for a bit until I had come down significantly. I was most certainly high, and mothers have a knack for noticing even the slightest change in personality with their kids. I had planned on talking to her a bit later, but definitely not now. But, something inside my head told me I'd be fine, and that it would be great to chat with her, even in my current state, and possibly especially in my current state.
424	3	a	We had a very deep chat about her divorce, what direction I was going in and how I needed to change, school, her family, things about her upbringing I never knew -- it was just so fantastic to probe into my mother's mind like I never had before. She was my friend at that point. We had reconnected. Like my brother before, we had a fascinating discussion that I would remember forever. She never knew I was on ecstasy, and she probably never will. I wanted to tell her so bad, I ached to tell her! But I knew I couldn't. She would never understand. I wish I could use telepathy and show her how I was feeling -- I wish I could just share the experience with her. And then she would know. She would understand. But it just wasn't possible. It was okay, though. I could see the happiness in her eyes that we actually had our first real deep chat in years. And that was enough for me. For all I knew, she felt as good as I did, except naturally. I felt like I was family again.
425	3	a	I came down a bit later, and drifted to sleep after having another glass of tangerine juice.
426	3	a	After this experience, over the next few days, we all had a wonderful time in Mexico. I realized that I needed to follow my own path, and that relationships will come and go, but my family would always be there for me. It took me a bit longer to break up with my girlfriend, but once I did, I knew it was the right thing to do, and my family helped me through all of the sad emotions invoked by it. I knew at that point I was ready to continue school and be my own person. I won't say this drug directly fixed my life, but it definitely allowed me to remember all the wonderful aspects of this complex puzzle we call life, and to remember to follow your heart. As someone once said on Bluelight, 'ecstasy is like falling in love with life again'. This is completely true. MDMA is and will forever be my favorite experience.
427	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
428	3	a	MDMA (3) : Festival / Lg. Crowd (24), Relationships (44), Families (41), Glowing Experiences (4), General (1)
429	3	a	I first tried MDMA eight years ago at the age of 22.  It was a truly magical and mind-blowing trip that included an out-of-body experience (I woke up when I kissed the ceiling) as well as the ability to see and feel the texture of music (all of this from only one pill).  The pill was a gift from my best friend, and she tended to me that night, playing all the music I requested and loading the pipe with mass quantities of marijuana.  The next day I felt great and had no bad side effects.  
430	3	a	As someone who has struggled with addiction I would have thought that such a wonderful experience would trigger the urge to do it again and again, but I'm happy to report that was not the case.  From the age of 22 to 26 I ingested MDMA on average from 2-3 times per year.  After the first 2 instances I upped my dosage to 1 and 1/2 pills, and eventually up to 2 pills.  Over the years I never noticed any side effects afterwards, aside from perhaps a feeling of sluggishness or some hazy memory for the next day.  For my 30th birthday the same best friend gifted me again with MDMA, the first I had done in 3 years, and this is the trip that I would like to talk about.
431	3	a	We were staying in a vacation home in the southwest.  The weather was beautiful and we went on two moderate hikes that day.  In the evening we came back to the house and were still trying to decide if we wanted to dose that night.  We had both been battling colds earlier in the week, but had been taking lots of vitamins and herbal remedies and felt much better, so we decided to go for it.  The house had two levels.  Downstairs was a cozy den with a fireplace and a small patio.  Upstairs the house was very open, and one entire wall was windows, which looked over city lights and red rocks.  There was also a large open patio upstairs, though the night was cloudy, so there was no view of stars.  It was the new moon.  We had five pills to share between us, so we cut one in half and decided to do one full pill and a half initially, and then the other pill when we started to come down.  
432	3	a	After dosing we went about getting the music together, and gathering water and blankets and the other creature comforts we enjoyed while tripping.  When we could start to feel it come on we decided to run up and down the stairs a few times to get the blood pumping.  We felt kind of ridiculous so were laughing and having a good time.  My friend was starting to feel it pretty strong, so I loaded the bong for her to smoke some pot.  So she did and immediately started feeling sick.   I held her hair as she threw up.  Although she did trip that night, I estimate that she lost about half of her original dose, and so she didn't have as intense an experience as I did.
433	3	a	Before we dosed I had stated that my intention that night was to fully open my third eye and psychic abilities.  I had always had some clairvoyant experiences, but due to my religious upbringing, I had deliberately shut them down when I was young.  In recent years I had been trying to get back in touch with that part of me, and I'm happy to say that night I succeeded.  I suddenly became aware of a third eye between my two normal eyes and found that I could see even with my eyes closed.  My friend had been struggling with a health problem for some time, and I found that I could see inside her, and could see the problem and was able to pull it out of her.  I also could stand outside my body and see myself.  I was able to see and feel my crown chakra, and was very aware of the connection from the crown chakra to heaven.  All of this was getting to be a bit much for me, so I pulled myself out of it for a while, and danced with my friend and talked to her.  
434	3	a	We were starting to come down so we decided to take our remaining pills, one each, about 3 hours after the first dose.  Almost immediately I felt pulled back into the psychic awareness and began being visited by a variety of entities, dead loved ones, children yet to be born, gods and goddesses, spirits from the area.  I also was able to look at my friend and read her future for her.  I was curious to see who else I could cast a fortune for, and found that I was able to visit almost everyone I knew in their sleep and see into their future, although strangely I could not see my future, nor that of my niece or brother.  But everyone else was an open book to me.  
435	3	a	I sat with my friend for a long time and we talked about her future, and the people that she would meet and we made great plans.  By now my friend was starting to come down, so she went upstairs to lay down and go to sleep.  Dawn was coming but I was still very much awake and I felt as though I was downloading information from above constantly.  Among the information I received was how to protect myself while in an open state psychically, as well as the kind of information I should pass on when I see someone's future, and the kind of information that I should keep to myself.  
436	3	a	I also was visited by past and future family members who seemed to be negotiating with me.  I can't really explain this part but I felt that I was in heaven and reviewing my life plan with some people and figuring out what course I should take.  I do know that I answered some questions I had for a long time, and felt like I would know just what to do when I got back to my regular life.  Finally in exhaustion I laid down at around 9 a.m., about 12 hours after my initial dose.  But I could not sleep.  I was still being visited by spirits from near and far.  Everyone had a message for me or to pass on to someone I knew.  
437	3	a	I never did go to sleep.  Eventually I got out of bed and my friend and I spent the day relaxing in the hot tub and trying to eat a little something, although I had no appetite at all for three days to come.  Every time I looked at a reflective surface, such as a window, a black and white movie would play and I would see things that I cannot explain, but very strong and powerful visions.  That night I finally was able to sleep, at least my body was able to sleep.  My mind was still very much working, and when I got up 16 hours later, I felt refreshed, but as if I had been traveling all night.  
438	3	a	My friend and I took a very easy hike that day, and went to a spa to get a massage that day.  When the masseuse touched me I suddenly could hear her thoughts and I said to myself, 'please, I just want to relax, I don't want to hear her thoughts or think about anything right now.  I just want to relax'.  And so I was able to.
439	3	a	That night I slept again for 12 hours, and by this time the intensity was starting to lessen, though I still had awareness of the third eye being open, and the feeling of the crown chakra, almost as if I were wearing a crown of feathers that moved with a slight breeze.  
440	3	a	As fascinating as the trip my have been, my real purpose in writing about this experience is regarding the aftermath.  We packed up and left that day, driving back to L.A.  I felt good, refreshed and well rested, and felt that I had achieved my goal of opening my psychic awareness, and looked forward to seeing how it would effect my life.  
441	3	a	The next day back in L.A. my friend awoke in a horrible mood.  After a long day of errand-running and a night out on the town, my best friend that I have known for ten years unleashed an unholy torrent of anger at me.  She began screaming at me for absolutely no reason.  Although I have seen her temper and know that her anger can be intense, I have never seen anything so frightening in all of my life.  Back at her place I began to pack my belongings, wanting desperately to be away from her.  She would not let me leave, and insisted that I stay.  She finally left me alone, on the condition that I stay the night.  Though my friend and I had had our ups and downs over the years, I was fully convinced that night it was all coming to an end.  The anger and venom that she spewed at me left me trembling, and I sat bolt upright on the futon, fearing that if I went to sleep she would, in her unreasonable anger, come in and kill me in the night.  Though it sounds irrational, this was a genuine fear, and I can truthfully say that though I have been afraid, I have never feared for my personal safety as I did at that moment.
442	3	a	Eventually my friend came in, all apologies and filled with sorrow.  She didn't understand her anger either, and just wanted to put it behind us.  She was crying and pleading for my forgiveness.  I was exhausted and didn't want to argue anymore, so I accepted her apology, and was relieved that the shit storm was over.  The next day we went for a walk and took it easy.  We had each had about five drinks the night before, over the course of about five hours, and didn't feel hungover as much as exhausted.  We made dinner and turned in early.  I flew out the following morning.
443	3	a	On my long flight home I buried myself in a book, and when I got home and my luggage didn't make it, I just asked the airline to deliver it.  When they did, the following day, I opened my suitcase to find that several of my belongings, about $700 of my belongings, had been stolen.  I got furious.  I called every number I could, getting more and more frustrated.  I went on a long walk to try to calm down.  When I came home, I started crying.  I was so upset that someone had taken my stuff that it made me doubt everything and everyone in my life.  Over the course of the next few days, I wrote in my journal, I walked and walked, and yet I could not shake this horrible feeling that life sucked and everything was pointless.  
444	3	a	At my lowest point, 7 days after I had injested the MDMA, I actually considered suicide.  And, seemingly, over a fight with my best friend and stolen items.  3 days after that, a full 10 days after my mind-blowing trip, I woke up, and everything was right with the world.  Everything was back in perspective.  I realized that everything that had been stolen could be replaced, most likely with the help of a check from the airlines.  I also realized that my best friend and I had been pretty co-dependant over the last year, and some time and separation would do us both some good.
445	3	a	This morning it is 12 days after my trip, and I feel like my old self again.  I feel healthy and motivated, and overall pretty happy.  This trip, which I would describe as my best ever, aftermath aside, will be my last.  Although it was amazing and helped me achieve a long-time goal of re-awakening my psychic abilities, I feel that my body and mind are no longer capable of dealing with the subsequent emotions in a healthy way.  If I was suicidal this time, who knows what would come to pass next time.  As for the psychic visions that I had and the answers to all of my questions, as soon as I got home I realized that it was not that simple, and that having the answers isn't everything, I still had reality to deal with.  In the end, it didn't make anything easier or clear up any situations at all.  The only thing it taught me is that there is no accounting for human behavior and seeing the future is totally useless since it is still contingent on so many decisions and the universal law of free will.   
446	3	a	In closing, I would just like to mention briefly some differences from this trip compared to past trips.  First of all, the place where we were staying was a powerful and magical place, and I was having visual weirdness and strange feelings even before we took the MDMA.  In past trips there, I have noticed that my body feels strangely heavy and light alternately, and that I have always been more psychic there than elsewhere.  Also, in the past when I ingest ecstasy, I'm always the last of my group to feel it.  It seems that I metabolize drugs slower than other people.  This time I felt it almost as soon as my friend did.  And, toward the end of the night, when other people are coming in for a soft landing and look forward to staying up a while and talking, I have always crashed very hard and all at once, followed by four or five hours of sleep, and then what I call a 'slow day', usually a big meal and lots of TV. watching, but not much else.  Perhaps sitting in the park for a while, enjoying the way the sun feels.  
447	3	a	The next day I always awake to life back to normal.  This time I stayed up all night, and felt that it took a full three days for the drug to fully exit my body.  Who knows what caused these differences.  Perhaps it's just part of my body getting older.  Perhaps it was doing so much MDMA in one night, after not doing it for three years.  Perhaps it was the strange energy in the location that gave me such a strong response and maybe it was the lingering cold and exhaustion caused by the argument and the travel that left me with such a horrible come-down.  All I know is that I didn't associate the argument or the frustration over the stolen belongings and the subsequent torrent of tears or the depression and feelings of suicide with the ecstasy until I finally woke up and felt like my old self.  Only then was I able to look back and realize that it was the after-effects.  That's the problem with depression is that it's impossible to be rational.  And therein lies the danger.
448	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
449	3	a	MDMA (3) : Depression (15), Post Trip Problems (8), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
450	3	a	I am an occasional MDMA user. I would like to tell you about one incredible experience I had whilst on the drug.
451	3	a	At work I had spent a while browsing websites describing the near-death experiences of various people who had very nearly died in various situations (in my lunchbreak, naturally!) you know; folks leaving their bodies and going down a tunnel of light and meeting God etc... This was not something I had ever researched before.
452	3	a	At 11pm that same day, I was travelling home from a friend's house on the train, with a Mitsubishi pill in my pocket. I was planning to use it some time soon in the near future on some wild night of clubbing. But that tiny little lozenge was fiercely burning a hole in my pocket. 'Some time soon in the near future'? - too far off. Hey, it was Friday night; I didn't have to go to work the next day - what the hell!
453	3	a	Whilst on the train, I surreptitiously read the book of a woman sitting next to me. It was a book about 'near death experiences'. This struck me as a mild coincedence at the time, considering the websites I had happened to visit earlier that day. Did it mean anything? Naaahh...
454	3	a	Anyway - soon I reached my stop and arrived at my front door at roughly T+10 minutes, and found that my wife wasn't in - and I hadn't got my copy of the housekey with me! After ringing her on my mobile, it turned out she was visiting one of our joint friends - their house being an hour walk away! However, having just downed a pill, I relished the opportunity to walk there - with the warm bomb slowly exploding in my guts.
455	3	a	As I began to walk, my stride quickened, and midway through my journey I was feeling that familiar effortless, floaty feeling. This intensified as I neared my friend's home, and as I walked up the final road leading to their flat, I was beaming warm celebrations at the beautiful leafy trees I passed. I felt them beam love back to me. I was overwhelmed with the feeling that all living things are in this together, and I loved the trees for their company on my journey.
456	3	a	On reaching the flat, it turned out that both my wife and the wife of my friend (for they were also a married couple!) had gone to bed. They had had a few drinks together, and although the females were asleep, the 'other husband' was still wide awake. Let's call him Chris. Me and Chris ended up having an in depth chat on a public bench outside his flat. I knew Chris quite well, although we hadn't really been good friends - close friends - for a year or two. We had lost touch a little.
457	3	a	As I chain-smoked (as a smoker on Ecstacy I do!), he told me about his recent time at university. He had vaguely told me about this before. About how he had taken too many drugs and had ended up hearing voices. When he had told me about this before he said it with a grin: 'I heard voices and everything! Crraaazzzyyy!' But now he was telling me EXACTLY what had happened - how the voices had become constant for him. How these voices had said horrible things to him. How he had grown to be paranoid all the time. How his life had become a living hell. How he had taken a belt, and attached one end to his windowsill. How he had looped the other end around his neck and jumped out of a 3rd storey window.
458	3	a	With the Ecstacy-enhanced empathy I now had, my heart was utterly breaking with compassion for this guy. It was physically painful. I had never felt such powerful, tangible compassion for another person. The love I felt for this man was unbearable. But as he told me of his suicide attempt, I felt another thought bubbling up underneath. I had browsed these websites describing near-death experiences, and then that stranger's book on the train home. I had this feeling he was going to tell me that he had had his own near-death experience. But surely not! That would be far too much of a coincidence! Impossible! And yet I felt it coming - with a sense of wonder. Chris told me how he had looked down on his body from the roof of the ambulance which picked him up. How he could see the paramedics working on him. And of this strange feeling of utter, utter peace and contentment he felt. Of complete rest and freedom from his pain.
459	3	a	Chris told me how happy he now was. He couldn't believe he had met his wife since this low point. He couldn't believe how how happy she had made him, after the hell he had lived through, and after he had wanted death.
460	3	a	At some point during our conversation I sensed something on my right side. A presence. There are no good words to describe this, but it felt like evil, bad intention, malevolence, hatred. More than anything else it felt like a bad smell I couldn't sense with my nostrils. I could see nothing, but it was completely real. I felt it there - glowering. I felt powerful and full of love from the Ecstacy, and my Christian background told me what to say: 'In the name of Jesus Christ - get lost!' My words felt strong - like a cracking whip - and I felt this evil presence flee from me.
461	3	a	Then I silently asked God to send an angel to watch over us. And quickly I became aware of another presence drawing near. It was utterly real - although, again, I could see nothing. The presnce felt like protection, love, a confirmation, a smile, like a brother looking out for us. As Chris continued talking to me, I often smiled at this presence over Chris's shoulder (I could sense exactly where it was standing.)
462	3	a	This was the most intense, incredible spiritual experience of my life. And it was completely real.
463	3	a	I'd be very interested to hear if anyone else has experienced 'presences' whilst on Ecstacy. I have had one other experience where I felt a presence in a room with me. I do not remember if I sensed the nature of this presence (good or bad?), but I do remember being aware of the precise spot where this presence was standing. On this occasion also, I had taken MDMA. I wonder if the empathic qualities of E make me better able to sense this kind of stuff? 
464	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
465	3	a	MDMA (3) : Entities / Beings (37), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
466	3	a	My friend's parents were out of town for a week, so naturally we threw a massive party every night. Well about halfway into the week we all decided to wig. Through one person and another we were able to snag some tabs. I bought two and was told that with this batch, two were about 225-250mg total.
467	3	a	In anticipation for the evening, I ate light all day and bought glowsticks, Vicks nasal spray, and burned a new trance CD to strengthen the mood. We all gathered at his house, downed the pills, and started making phone calls.
468	3	a	I had rolled several times before, and was anxious to experience these as I had heard they were spectacular. 20-30 minutes afterwards I felt the cool flowing sensation pouring throughout my body that signifies an upcoming roll. We turned up the music and started to get loose.
469	3	a	An hour later I was very quickly approaching the plateau. My eyes jittered a lot and the black-lights gave everything a heavenly, soothing aura. My mind was calm and organized, and I felt very at peace with everything and everyone. These tabs were incredible; some of the best I've ever had. Everyone I saw I wanted to hug and shake hands with and sit down with, friend or stranger made no difference. I was sweating heavily so I toted a giant mug of ice cold water with me all night.
470	3	a	Later on I pulled my two best friends aside and asked the guys to sit down with me. We were all rolling together as usual and I felt the need to bond with them on a subconscious and philosophical level. My thoughts and feelings were that of grandeur, as though I was stately and important, yet feeling the need to act as the 'father' of the party. I took care of everyone's needs and was very passive yet confident throughout the experience.
471	3	a	My sight, hearing, and sense of touch were amplified considerably, yet my nose had nearly no sensation. The slightest touch, tap, or brush of the skin sent surges of cool tingling throughout my body. Anything that moved under the psychedelic lighting grabbed my attention, and I found myself staring at things for long periods of time, lost in rambling thought and kaleidoscopic daydreams. Watching the mirrorball on the ceiling imprisoned my eyes and I locked my gaze on it for a good 10-15 minutes, leaving the rest of my body still as a statue. My train of thought glided from one thing to another. Memories of childhood playgrounds, old girlfriends, and significant events in my life flooded my consciousness as every muscle and nerve seemed to numb and relax. I felt as though I was anticipating a great event soon, but that nothing could disturb my total, complete, engulfing euphoria.
472	3	a	After an hour and a half I was fully into the wig. It is damn near impossible to describe the utter joy and acceptance I felt for everyone around me. I listened to every word that everyone said as though it were their last. All of my deepest emotions were reeled to the surface, and I felt a bit like Freud: giving myself a thorough analysis and seeming to understand everything....life, dreams, love, companionship, loyalty, betrayal, all of the things that come along in life I felt like I could handle with ease. Confidence was one of the most profound qualities of the tab, as is with most tabs, along with empathy for your fellow man (or woman) and an urge to reach out for understanding.
473	3	a	1 hour and 45 mins into it I was still slightly advancing into the roll. My thoughts accelerated. Everything in my head was moving five or six times the speed it normally does, but I could completely understand everything I was thinking. My lips would try to speak at the same pace as my brain but failed, and ended up as a jittery, mumbling mass of sounds and syllables.
474	3	a	I was at the highest point of the experience and was so overcome with different feelings and thoughts that I could hardly remember where I laid my phone or my cigarettes. I ended up smoking the entire pack that night anyway, as it felt so fuckin unreal going through my body. 
475	3	a	A close friend of mine came by and I waved her over. She knew I was rolling and told me and the boys to hop in her convertible. So there we are, my two best friends and I and a gorgeous girl with the top-dropped on a beautiful autumn night. She popped in Chemical Brothers and drove to the nearby mall. We proceeded to explore the entire circle drive around the mall at 80mph, blowing every stop sign and wailing into the night with our hands extended. The cool wind blowing against my face felt fantastic, and I stared in wonder at the trees whizzing past the car. Looking at the guys and knowing they were feeling the same way I was made me feel a genuine connection with them, like we had a unique bond that was unlike any other. Seeing her drive the car was extremely sexy and sensual, and I felt a tightening in my chest that resembled love at first sight. I wanted to reach out and kiss her cheek, feeling her soft hand on my face and her breath against my neck. It was an extremely sexual feeling and one that I have not forgotten. 
476	3	a	My visual perspective was slightly altered, and everything seemed a bit off, but in a very comfortable way. watching the road through the front windshield, the lane markers seemed to stretch farther and farther away, and the trees all blurred into one mass of green flying past the car. The street lights flashed against my face as they passed, and it gave a strobe effect to everything in the car. The combined sensations of the engine vibrating and the cool air flowing through my hair and pulling it from my face put me at ease and soothed my slight paranoia. We drove around for a while more, listening to Pink Floyd's 'Dark Side Of the Moon': not only a masterpiece of music and sound but an incredible booster for your roll. With the music up deafeningly loud, the music and vocals ran through my body and made me feel like I was on stage at their concert only inches away from them. I closed my eyes against the wind and saw eyelid movies of 3-dimensional fractal images rolling in and out of each other like a psychedelic, interactive kaleidoscope. My eyes rolled upwards and held themselves there for several minutes as I seemed to space out completely and sort of put myself into my own dreams. For some reason having my eyes rolled up felt sensational and everytime I would refocus them forward they would gently creep back up.
477	3	a	Coming up took a total of about an hour and 45, plateau effects lasted a total of about 2 1/2 to 3 hours, with a very slow come down lasting another 3 or 4. So all in all these tabs lasted me a good 8 hours or so, give or take. My sleep was somewhat restless, waking me up two or three times in the night to take a piss or to readjust my bed sheets. The dreams that came were vivid and amazing, and I seemed to remember it all. 
478	3	a	All in all these were the best tabs I've ever come across, and certainly one of the greatest feelings I think can be attained on this Earth. A warning to those who are new to ecstasy, it can be somewhat mentally addictive for people, and can easily consume someone's thoughts if they have a positive experience. People with a tendency for depression, anxiety, fear of being alone [abandonment complexes] may have a problem...
479	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
480	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Glowing Experiences (4), Music Discussion (22), Various (28)
481	3	a	Last Sunday-night I got a call from a close friend if the Brotherhood could assemble for a Session. He had become stuck on a life issue he felt he needed to work through in the comfort of MDMA and the Brotherly Love of our team. (we're a Cult of Three!)
482	3	a	In psychedelic spiritual growth an Emergency Session might be called for. We are committed to each other through thick and thin, which includes $50 taxirides at 4AM if it need be.
483	3	a	But, it was the early evening, no oddness neeeded to happen. 
484	3	a	Brother X, when called on the job, struck a deal with the night shift and left an hour early from work, picking up the standard Ecstasy groceries (pears, bananas, fruit juices, chocolate milk etc) on his way and I left for the location where we were to meet.
485	3	a	Brother Y had brought the fuel: six tablets of 100mg MDMA, tested and quantified by the Dutch Gov't (LOL our Gov't allows drug-prevention orgs to test pills for individuals to chart the market and prevent health problems like the Red Mitsubishi PMA disaster)
486	3	a	We were to use only 100mg of MDMA each that night: more was not called for.
487	3	a	The Setting was a living room at night, curtains closed, lights out, with occasionally a single candle if joints were rolled or drinks poured. There was no music and there were no triptoys. There was just Darkness, my Self and the disembodied voices of my very best friends.
488	3	a	And such was the way we departed from concensus reality, a Mormon, a wandering Christian and one Wiccan_Seeker, three Psychedelic geezers, sitting in darkness, absorbing three times one-hundred miligrams of methylenedioxymethamphetamine.
489	3	a	You don't get Ecstatic by it. If you dance, perhaps, but sitting quietly in Darkness you feel a energized, and yet more tranquil then before. You feel very good, but nowhere near rapturous. The most striking feelings are the obliteration of your everyday woes and, why we held that Energency Session, filled with Empathy, a profound understanding of your Self and others, in the light of your psychedelically enhanced consciousness.
490	3	a	Now we geezers feel it the minute that little tablet releases it's load, but a good twenty minutes after our ritual of ingestion we were getting the energy creeping up on us. 
491	3	a	Routinely there is a strip of 10 tablets of Valium-5 present on the table. We have agreed that should anyone feel the need to abort he can simply take one, two or even four tablets, chew them and keep them under his tongue, no questions asked.
492	3	a	There is no need for macho-ism in Psychedelics, and we veteran geezers (we already were hopped up on Ecstasy when Front 242 fried the dancefloors of the houseparties) know just when a benzo is called for. Now this never happened on E but the safeguard is always present, no questions asked. But ofcourse it was not needed that night. Most benzo-strips expire, as we have little use for them.
493	3	a	Beyond the 3/4-HourPoint the wave hit and we were gripped by the transition which ends the climb and heralds the plateau.
494	3	a	The conversation became sparse and evermore pronounced as our inner minds became more and more manifest.
495	3	a	Suddenly, after a long silence Brother Y spoke.
496	3	a	He told us of how he was systematically abused, savagely abused in his childhood. We knew this, but never before had he been so open about it. We let him speak and listened. 
497	3	a	He discovered how he had lost Basic Trust in those years, kept a deep dark secret he felt *ashamed* of as if it were his fault and how this loss of Trust had become ingrained in his everyday personality.
498	3	a	I related the story of my years of childhood abuse and how the road to recovery lies in forgiveness of their ghastly deeds and ultimately, self-acceptance.
499	3	a	Brother X told of how he was teased among his classmates and how he could relate to our feelings of isolation that ensued for such a long time.
500	3	a	Time passed, slipped by hardly noticed, there was just your Self and hypnotic whispers in the Darkness, enhanced and fueled by Brotherly Love and Methylenedioxymethamphetamine.
501	3	a	Now the effect MDMA has on many people is that they can look at themselves as if from a distance, yet intimately connected. It is as if the veil of pain is lifted psychedelically and the past is seen in a new light. This is in fact the use of Ecstasy in psychotherapy.
502	3	a	Finally Brother Y found he had discovered what could be had, told what should be told and the spirit of that night commenced.
503	3	a	I had vivid recollections how I had experienced the demise and cremation ceremony of my mother and related them, and found closure in how she had lived rather then how she had died.
504	3	a	That night carried heavy topics, not at all like a teenage party with blazing music and pot-laden air.
505	3	a	Eventually we let go of our hurts, about two hours into it, and we embarked on our dream of rural living in India or Africa when we are old and gray, after all we're a tight-knit three man cult and three loving couples, two straight families and one gay couple who'll likely adopt, ought to have it good on three farm houses on a nice stretch of land. 
506	3	a	And so we discussed, but most of the time we spent in silence, as the Psychedelic Miracle of MDMA occurs within, and the Growth process, aside from being a Group process is first and foremost highly personal. 
507	3	a	Despite heavy topics we bathed in the light of a successful MDMA session. We felt strong Euphoria and gained deep, far more personal insights mostly undiscussed. About three hours after ingestion the effect slowly subsided.
508	3	a	Brother X and I popped a single can of beer each and Brother Y rolled himself a good joint. We put on a candle and let ourselves drift out.
509	3	a	At 4:30 AM we were too tired and we each took to our sleeping matrasses and snored well into Monday afternoon.
510	3	a	After psychedelic breakfast we talked some hours, had a brisk walk and then went our seperate ways.
511	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
512	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Relationships (44), Health Benefits (32), Small Group (2-9) (17)
513	3	a	Substances already present in the body: Cannabis
514	3	a	Took the pill on an empty stomach. Was feeling quite under the influence of cannabis, to the point where standing up was not an option.
515	3	a	Felt fidgety and nervous. Whether this was the onset or just me wondering what I'd just done is difficult to decide. I think in restrospect it was mainly the latter.
516	3	a	Extreme dialation of pupils was observed, (from about 4mm to about 10mm). Was no longer fidgety. All 'stoned' feelings had completely disappeared, replaced by a sudden energy.
517	3	a	I danced...and danced...and danced. Felt about 500% in myself. Felt under the influence, yet clear-headed at the same time. Vision was effected such that focusing on close objects was near-impossible without one eye shut. Vision at distance seemed improved, objects at distance appeared 'sharper'. Lots of trailing of lights and severe eye-wiggling (but whether you count that as good or bad is subjective). 
518	3	a	Left the club. Embarked upon a 50 minute journey home by car (I wasn't driving). Enormous feeling of well-being, a feeling of connection to people like nothing ever experienced before. Had a dance music CD on; it was like I was appreciating music on another level, subtle changes in the music's rhythm seemed very apparent and noticeable (variations of drum patterns etc). 
519	3	a	My thoughts were rapidly changing. The only way I can think of describing the feeling is that I couldn't think in a straight line. Was very easily distracted by the morning sun, and by how it appeared such a deep orange colour. My companions (who had not taken anything) told me that it looked no different to normal.
520	3	a	Arrived home. Chilled in the living room with a few joints and some more music. Felt a bit self-conscious in some respects as I was the only one 'out there.' Was chatty relative to normal standards though; felt more at ease talking to my friends than I normally would have.
521	3	a	Still felt very awake, but went to bed anyway, don't recall any particular trouble sleeping.
522	3	a	Awoke. Didn't laze in bed, but got up feeling like I'd had an amazing night's sleep. Was happy to spend the afternoon just mooching around the house, was still feeling a bit like i was in my own little world.
523	3	a	My advice to people wanting to try it. Do so, with sober friends to keep an eye on you, and a couple of friends who want to do it too. My second experience I was with friends who were also on it, and it makes for an incredible evening.
524	3	a	I did not experience any comedown on this first time. In fact, I continued to feel quite 'up' for over a week afterwards. Clearly this effect was psychological, rather than physiological.
525	3	a	MDMA is a powerful substance that has changed my life, I feel, for the better.
526	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
527	3	a	MDMA (3) : First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Nature / Outdoors (23), Music Discussion (22), General (1), Club / Bar (25)
528	3	a	I took MDMA for the first time with a shamanic guide who had facilitated other such journeys many times, a person who I felt close to and trusted.  She had pure MDMA, not tainted with anything, and she gave me a capsule of it with a 'minimal' dose, as she said.  She usually required journeyers to lay down and wear blindfolds to encourage them to 'go within', but she had started a fire in the fireplace and I was mesmerized by it, which made it easier for me to relax and close my eyes when the time came.  I was laying down the entire time. 
529	3	a	At first I was scared, but I heard voices telling me I was so loved, and a familiar spirit guide appeared and showed me how I had the power to perform magic and make myself disappear.  The first thing I noticed after that was just an enormous loving feeling encompassing my whole body.  I felt so loved by the entire universe--it is so hard to describe.  The love extended through my entire body, down through my legs and my arms, and especially at my heart center.  I felt so safe, so warm, so relaxed.  I looked to my right, where I could feel light streaming in from the window.  When I opened my eyes, I saw, or sensed anyway, what I knew was an angel.  I called my facilitator over and told her about it, with a big grin on my face.
530	3	a	Then I could feel angels throughout the room, there were at least 2 or 3 of them.  I shut my eyes again and traveled.  I envisioned myself travelling in a spiral pattern out of the house I was in, into the sky, out from the earth, and then out of the universe.  I came to the outskirts of space, and found that it was surrounded by a boundary of white light.  I was told this was 'the source', I am assuming the source of all life.  
531	3	a	I wanted to go in but was afraid I would disappear, so I went part-way in and stopped.  Whenever I would stick my hand further in, the bright light would engulf it, and it was as if my body became part of the light.  I saw the recently-deceased mother of a close friend, and she spoke with me for a bit.  I saw my grandparents who had passed away several years ago, they looked like balls of light but I still recognized them.  I was given information about how souls travel back and forth from earth after they pass on from their physical forms.  
532	3	a	This whole time I was accompanied by spirit guides.  To my surprise, they answered all of the deep 'meaning of life' questions I asked of them.  I won't go into all the details here.  But they showed me different nature scenes from earth, and I could recognize how beautiful it was.  
533	3	a	At one point I called my facilitator over and asked her for a hug, and then I told her I loved her.  She said she loved me too, it was such a beautiful moment.
534	3	a	My journey continued on for several hours, I'm not sure how long but perhaps four hours or so.  When I started to come down, I opened my eyes and stared at the fire once more.  During the journey, I often felt like I do on an LSD or mushroom trip, but the feelings in my body were a lot more loving.  
535	3	a	During my come-down, my facilitator went upstairs to get me some fruit, and I sat looking at the fire.  There were candles set up around the room, and there was one over the fireplace in a glass votive.  I was looking right towards it when the flame in it suddenly shot straight up, twice as high as the votive!  At first I thought I must have been hallucinating still, but I walked over to take a closer look, and it was really burning that high!  The votive got so hot that it turned black and cracked.  It was almost like I was getting a message that even though the journey was over, my spirit still burned inside me like a flame--and the messages I had been getting were 'real', even in this world.  
536	3	a	This all happened before my facilitator came back.  I told her about the candle incident and she was as surprised as I was.  She gave me the fruit, and it tasted better than anything I had ever eaten.  She stayed with me for a short while, then left me alone so she could go to sleep.  I stayed awake for hours, replaying the journey in my head.  It took me a long long time to get to sleep.  
537	3	a	I awoke the next morning to the sound of chirping, and it turned out there was a chipmunk in my room, with one of the cats chasing it.  The whole experience was just so bizarre following a journey so unique.  The entire next day I felt kind of drained and sad that the experience had to end.  I also had that upset-stomach kind of feeling I always get following the ingestion of hallucinogens.  But it was worth it for the awesome experience of it.  My friends told me I was glowing for days afterward.
538	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
539	3	a	MDMA (3) : Glowing Experiences (4), Mystical Experiences (9), Entities / Beings (37), Guides / Sitters (39), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
540	3	a	Die Tiefen des Erwachens - Eine einzigartige mdma-Erfahrung - 
541	3	a	Manche Momente im Leben fordern eine schnelle Entscheidung. Steht diese Entscheidung in Zusammenhang mit spontanen Gedanken, nennt man so was Intuition. Intuition hatte ich häufig in letzter zeit. Ich glaube nicht an Schicksal, jedoch gibt es Momente in meinem Leben in denen ich von etwas Unterbewusstem, Unsichtbarem geleitet werde, ohne darauf bewusst Einfluss zu nehmen. Doch all dies und mein komplexes Weltbild ist an anderer Stelle niedergeschrieben und soll nicht Gegenstand eines Tripberichtes werden - ich möchte nur kurz auf meine allgemeine Lage bzw. mein Leben eingehen zu dem Zeitpunkt als jene wichtige Entscheidung fiel, mit deren Konsequenzen ich mich nachfolgend auseinandersetzen werde. Eine 100% intuitive Entscheidung, am Samstagabend des Lovefield Festivals dieses Erlebnis durchzuziehen. 
542	3	a	Besondere Ereignisse gab es in letzter Zeit einige - und sie überschlugen sich. Ich befinde mich gerade in den letzten Zügen meiner Transformationsphase, und es sind viele wichtige Dinge passiert, welche mein Weltbild nun endgültig unerschütterlich gefestigt haben. Ich hatte in den letzten Monaten ein sehr komplexes Leben - aus diesem Grund möchte ich darauf nicht näher eingehen. Wichtig ist nur zu wissen dass mich meine Intuition vermehrt in letzter zeit dahin brachte wo ich hinwollte. Die 1,0 im Vordiplom Experimentalphysik, eine wunderschöne Woche voller Parties, Einkaufen und neuer Menschen, weitere Erfolge in meiner Tätigkeit als Dj. All das resultierte aus einer einzigartigen intuitiven Erkenntnis, die sich in den richtigen Momenten - aus welchen Gründen auch immer - in mir aktivierte. Und genauso war es auch an besagtem Samstag, wo ich den Höhepunkt dieser Intuition erreichte und mir zu dem bisher intensivsten Drogenerlebnis meines Lebens verhalf, vielleicht ist es gar das intensivste Vordringen meines Bewusstseins in die tiefen Strukturen von Universum und Existenz.
543	3	a	Die Entscheidung fiel ohne dass ich mich gross mit ihr beschäftigte. Ich dachte auch nicht sonderlich darüber nach, ertappte mich jedoch im Laufe des frühen Abends immer wieder dabei dass der 'Moment' goldrichtig war und etwas sehr Grosses auf mich wartete.
544	3	a	Es konnte nur dazu kommen weil ich mich im richtigen Moment gerade in Tipitown (der Chillout-Area des Lovefield Festivals) aufhielt und dort ein bischen mit einem Mädel quatschte deren Freund ich ein paar Minuten später kennenlernte. Wir unterhielten uns über alles Mögliche (ausser Drogen). Ich habe keine Ahnung warum ich gerade ihn (zu dem Zeitpunkt als ich wieder gehen wollte) noch die Frage 'hast du Teile am Start' an ihn richtete. Selbstverständlich - aber eigentlich nur zum Eigengebrauch. Irgendwie brachte ich es dann fertig dass er mir doch eines seiner Teile gab. Inhaltsstoffe waren nach seiner Auskunft MDMA & MDE. Er hatte sie gestern getestet und die Dinger hätten ihm recht gut gefallen (obwohl er schon seit 8 Jahren konsumierte und dementsprechend abgestumpft war). Sein Wortlaut war 'Einfach Partyteile mit Euphorie und guter Laune'. 
545	3	a	Dieses Feedback bestätigte mich noch mehr in meinem Vorhaben, welches nicht gerade in Harmonie zu meinen Safer-Use-Regeln stand: 
546	3	a	"•	ich hatte schon eine Nacht nicht geschlafen, ausserdem befand ich mich in schlechter körperlicher Verfassung (um es mal direkt auszudrücken: ich war am Arsch!)"
547	3	a	"•	die vorangehende Nacht war von einer Überdosis Ephedrin geprägt"
548	3	a	"•	ich hatte mir vorgenommen nie xtc „auf der Strasse“ zu kaufen "
549	3	a	"•	Der Konsum psychoaktiver Substanzen in fremder Umgebung war bisher für mich tabu "
550	3	a	Im Endeffekt war ich schon etwas erschrocken über die Stärke meines Entschlusses und meine mangelnde Vernunft. Deshalb geriet ich kurz ins Zweifeln und machte für alle Punkte eine Gegenüberstellung bzw. Rechtfertigung:
551	3	a	"•	eine zweite Nacht ohne Schlaf würde ich wenn dann nur mit Hilfsmitteln durchstehen. Ich gehe bestimmt nicht auf ein Festival um dann die besten Dj’s und Live Acts zu verpassen. Auf Ephe hatte ich nach der letzten Nacht keine Lust mehr, das hätte mich wahnsinnig gemacht. Coffein wirkt bei so enormem Schlafentzug nicht gut genug. Nüchtern bleiben wäre mal gar nicht klar gegangen, also warum nicht ein Teil? Es gab nur noch schlechtere Optionen…"
552	3	a	"•	die Leute auf der Lovefield waren alle so extrem nett und sozial eingestellt. Dies traf auch auf diesen Typen zu. Ich vertraute ihm einfach und war diesbezüglich überzeugt von meiner Menschenkenntnis. Endlich traf ich mal einen, der Ahnung hatte und mir Auskunft über den Inhalt seiner Teile geben konnte. Da wäre es letztendlich eher bescheuert gewesen diese Chance nicht wahrzunehmen."
553	3	a	"•	Die Location war überschaubar, die Musik absolut genial, ich fühlte mich auf dem Lovefield in jeder ecke total wohl und fand mich dort sehr gut zurecht. Das Lovefield hatte sogar ein besonderes Flair was die Entscheidung für den Trip eher positiv beeinflusste. Solch ein Traumsetting würde es so schnell nicht mehr geben."
554	3	a	Es war eine Chance, und in mir kam eine enorme Kraft auf, mich nicht selbst zu unterdrücken und diese Chance wahrzunehmen. Um 0h03 wurde sie umgesetzt: Ich schluckte die erste Hälfte des weissen Hufeisens. 
555	3	a	Es folgt nun der Versuch, das erlebte, den Trip an sich zu schildern. Im Moment erscheint mir das jedoch unmöglich und ich denke, dass der Tripbericht sehr unvollständig wird, da ich so vieles erlebt und gefühlt habe was sich nicht in Worte fassen lässt. mdma-Erfahrene werden nachvollziehen wie ich es meine und sich sehr gut in meine Lage hineinversetzen können. Für alle anderen wird dieser Bericht womöglich kitschig, weltfremd, unrealistisch, übertrieben, abgedreht oder weiss Gott wie klingen. Aber daran kann ich nichts ändern. Ich werde so gut wie möglich versuchen mit dem was mir die menschliche Sprache an Freiraum bietet das auszudrücken was ich erlebt habe. 
556	3	a	Anfangs ging es relativ unspektakulär los. Um 0h03 baute ich mir die erste Hälfte ein. Dirk hatte seine LSA Samen schon vor 2h geschluckt und legte jetzt mit seinen Ephi Kapseln und sonstigen Herbals los … als alles geschluckt war bewegten wir uns in Richtung Festival und hörten uns erstmal Andy Fletcher von Depeche Mode an. Der Platz vor der Bühne war mässig voll, die Musik in Ordnung, aber nicht so sehr treibend. Immer noch von Müdigkeit gequält hoffte ich dass das Teil möglichst schnell einschlägt. Nach ein paar Minuten (20?) erlebte ich die erste Überraschung des Hufeisens: innerhalb kurzer Zeit wurde ich hellwach. Das empfand ich schon mal als sehr befreiend und diese zurückgewonnene Freiheit begann ich sofort in Bewegungsenergie umzusetzen ;). Dirk fragte mich ob es denn schon wirkte. Hm, wirkte es schon? Ich war mir nicht sicher. Ausser dem Verfliegen der Müdigkeit und dem starken Energieschub war noch nix zu spüren. Ich beantwortete seine frage wohl mit irgendetwas in der Art „nicht wirklich“ – aber irgendwie wirkte es doch. Ich fühlte mich so, als ob mein Körper gelifted wird. Das Gefühl was ich dabei hatte ist schwer beschreibbar – mit Euphorie oder guter Laune hat es nichts zu tun. Aber ich spürte regelrecht wie mein Körper mit neuer Energie aufgetankt wurde. Ich fand das irgendwie lustig. 
557	3	a	Während dem Auftanken fühlte ich mich echt so als ob ich mit einem Lift nach oben fuhr … oder durch eine Kurbel nach oben gezogen wurde (um es durch eine zweite Metapher noch aussagekräftiger zu machen). Seltsam war es. Ebenso die Musik, dies bewegte uns auch dazu auf die Lovestage zu wechseln, wo es feinen Progressive Trance zu hören gab, dem ich mich dann auch erstmal hingab. Ich fühlte mich gut – jedoch nicht spektakulär, auf eine bestimmte Art und weise war mein Zustand undefinierbar. Zeitweise kamen Euphorieschübe – doch mir kam es nur so vor als ob sie mich streiften. Es wirkte nicht so intensiv wie ich es haben wollte, doch mit der Zeit war es mir zu blöd mich mit meinen hohen Erwartungen zu beschäftigen. Dadurch wurde mein Kopf auch freier und die Euphorie stieg mir langsam immer höher zu kopf, ich fühlte mich total entspannt, gelassen & ausgeglichen. 
558	3	a	Gegen halb zwei wechselte ich die Location. Da ich ein Interview mit KayCee zu führen hatte musste ich in den Hangar der VIP Area und dort verbrachte ich die Zeit erst einmal mit Warten. Doch das Warten war sehr angenehm. Ich liess alles erst einmal auf mich wirken, möchte jedoch nicht unausgesprochen lassen dass ich dies auf ähnliche Art und Weise auch ohne MDMA hinbekommen kann. Zu dieser Zeit wäre mir das aufgrund des Schlafentzuges jedoch nicht möglich gewesen. Die Pille verhalf mir ohne dafür etwas zu tun auf einen Level den ich sonst nur mit viel Anstrengung und intuitivem Glück erreichen konnte. Ich genoss diesen Zustand des Einklangs – welcher immer mehr an Bedeutung gewann. Ich saß einfach da und habe diesen Augenblick noch genau vor Augen. Langsam aber sicher kam die Gewissheit in mir auf dass ich drauf komme. Ich registrierte dass ich wohl immer häufiger zu lächeln anfing und begann mich mit meinem Gegenüber unterhalten, der auch nicht gerade nüchtern aussah. Diesen Eindruck sah ich bestätigt als ich in einem kleinen Glasbehälter ein beiges kristallines Pulver entdecke. Auf die frage hin was er da noch feines hätte („koks oder pep?“) fing er an zu lachen und meinte es sei ein Pfefferstreuer … ich fand die Sache auch sehr ulkig und begann mich mit ihm auszulachen. 
559	3	a	Das schlimme war, dass ich das alles wirklich so wahrgenommen hatte. Doch in diesem Moment war diese Erkenntnis für mich positiv da sie bewies wie verstrahlt ich war – ich hatte mir so was doch immer gewünscht. Da KayCee weiter auf sich warten lies bot mir Sebastian – einer von der Künstlerbetreuung eine Red Bull an. Diese trank ich gemütlich und machte mich noch kurz auf den Weg zum Auto um dort die zweite Hälfte der Tablette einzunehmen.
560	3	a	Danach kehrte ich sofort in den VIP Hangar zurück und zeitgleich kehrten KayCee auch ein. Mehr als 25 Minuten lang machte ich ein freies Interview mit ihnen, fand immer die richtigen Fragen und konnte mich nahezu perfekt artikulieren. Auch wenn ich jetzt an diese Situation zurückdenke, ist meine Erinnerung bezüglich dessen was ich wahrgenommen habe sehr detailliert. Ich sass meinen Lieblingskünstlern gegenüber und stellte ihnen Fragen, die vor mir noch keiner gestellt hat. Es war ein sehr angenehmes Gespräch und ich fühlte mich ihnen gewachsen (obwohl ich das Interview vollständig improvisieren musste). Oliver versprach mir das neue Album von KayCee zuzuschicken, und gegen 2h30 verabschiedeten sich die Drei und ich freute mich auf das Set, was ich in 90 Minuten wohl von ihnen hören würde. 
561	3	a	Derweil entschloss ich mich erstmal nach Tipitown zu gehen um zu schauen wie es Dirk auf seinem Holzrosenflash ging. Zwischen den Zelten angekommen, begrüsste mich erstmal das warme licht eines grünen Lasers. Und dies war der Auftakt für den intensivsten Teil des Trips. Ab jetzt wird es für mich schwierig das Erlebte & Empfundene in Worte zu fassen. Denn es gibt oft keine Worte, die das was ich empfunden habe passend ausdrücken.
562	3	a	Ich sah also diesen Laser – welcher sich leicht und geschmeidig durch die Luft bewegte. Die Strahlen machten Staubkörnchen und Wasserdampf in der feuchten, frischen Nachtluft sichtbar und einzelne Nebelschwaden schimmerten, wurden durch das anmutige Licht des Lasers zum leuchten angeregt. Ich blieb erstmal stehen und schaute verwundert in den Laser, liess die Situation auf mich wirken. Dann schaute ich mich um – mein blick traf auf das Gesicht einer Gleichgesinnten. Sie lächelte mich an, ich musste wohl schon länger gelächelt haben. Ein paar Minuten lang kreuzten sich immer wieder unsere Blicke und ansonsten beschäftigten wir uns beeindruckt mit dem Laser und den Chillout Klängen von Tipitown. Ich weiss nicht mehr, wer auf wen zukam, auf jeden Fall begannen wir ein nettes Gespräch. Gespräch kann man es eigentlich nicht nennen, denn es waren nur wenige Worte, doch diese Worte waren so wichtig, obgleich so belanglos. Wir teilten gemeinsam den Moment dieser Schönheit, der in grünes licht getaucht war, von Chillout Soundflächen erfüllt und unser Lächeln dominierte die gesamte Szenerie. Ich fühlte mich ihr sehr verbunden – weil sie dieselbe Schönheit, dieselbe Einsamkeit & dieselbe Tiefe dieses Momentes empfand. 
563	3	a	Das spürte ich und sie erwähnte auch wie genial sie das Licht fand. 
564	3	a	Doch diese Worte erreichten mich nur weit entfernt, waren sie doch nur etwas was ich Minuten vorher schon an ihrem Blick ablesen konnte. Ich hätte ewig in diesem Zustand bleiben können. Glückseligkeit beschreibt das, was ich nach aussen trug, aber dieses Wort reicht nicht aus um meinen inneren Zustand zu beschreiben.
565	3	a	Nach ein paar Minuten verabschiedete ich mich von dem Mädel und betrat das Main Tent von Tipitown. Natürlich entdeckte ich Dirk sofort, der sehr gechillt aussah und mich auch gleich anfing von seinen Flashs vollzulabern. Ich gesellte mich eine kurze Zeit zu ihm und berichtete kurz vom Interview und den Fortschritten meines Trips :D. Der Drang zu Tanzen und sich in Richtung Festivalgelände zu bewegen wurde immer stärker in mir, und da Dirk nicht mitwollte ging ich halt einfach alleine los. Das müsste so gegen 3h gewesen sein.
566	3	a	Auf dem Weg zum Festival ging es dann richtig los. Ich wurde überflutet von Euphoriewellen, sie waren so stark dass ich von ihnen mitgerissen wurde. Sie waren heftig und wild, und doch so ruhig, statisch und friedlich. Sie rissen an mir, sturmten von allen Seiten auf mich ein und trugen mich doch ganz sanft. Ich surfte auf diesen Wellen und es dauerte eine Weile bis ich mir plötzlich über diesen Zustand bewusst wurde. Dieses plötzliche Bewusstwerden war genauso heftig, wie alles andere auch in den nächsten Stunden: es überkam mich total unerwartet und im Bruchteil einer Sekunde kam all das, was unterbewusst in mir geschah ans Bewusstsein und mich beherrschte nur noch ein Gedanke: „DU BIST DRAUF!“ Es war anders als alles was ich je zuvor erlebt habe. Euphorie ist nur das, was die Oberfläche kratzt. Doch unter der Oberfläche welche immer wieder von schäumenden Wellen erschüttert wurde, bildete sich ein Sog der mich in die Tiefen des Seins hinabzog. Diese Tiefe machte den Trip so unglaublich intensiv, so unfassbar, so mystisch und so einsichtig zugleich. Etwas ganz neues kam in mir auf, eine Art zweite Seele. Und sie wurde von der Strömung ergriffen, in die Tiefe gerissen. Vielleicht haust sie ja immer in die Tiefe und zum ersten Mal war es ihr möglich Signale aus ihrem Reich an mein Bewusstsein zu senden. 
567	3	a	Es ist schwierig diese zweite Seele zu beschreiben, denn das Wort Seele passt irgendwie doch nicht. Es war eher ein ganz neues Sinnesorgan, was sich in mir ausbildete, doch auch das ist keine passende Beschreibung. Auf jeden Fall war plötzlich ein Tor geöffnet, welches mir bisher verschlossen war. Und dieses Unbeschreibbare mit all seinen Gedanken & Gefühlen schnellte hindurch um möglichst viel von dem, was sich hinter diesem Tor befand einzusammeln und mitzunehmen. Es war ein Teil von mir. Ich fühlte mich zugleich in diese Tiefe gezogen, obwohl ich gedanklich immer noch auf den sich aufbäumenden wellen der Euphorie surfte.
568	3	a	All das begann ich in diesen Momenten zu registrieren während ich mir meinen Weg zum Festival bahnte. Mir schoss durch den Kopf dass ich mir das nie so heftig vorgestellt hatte. Die Vorstellung was grad mit meinem Serotoninhaushalt in meinem Gehirn passierte rief tiefe Zufriedenheit hervor – ich hatte es geschafft eine chemische Konfiguration in meinem Hirn zu erreichen die in ihren Auswirkungen einfach nur der Wahnsinn ist. Dieser Gedanke tat mir sehr gut und rettete mich davor total von diesem Sog verschluckt zu werden oder mich auf Wellen zu weit draussen vorzuwagen. Obwohl all das so turbulent und neu für mich war, fühlte ich mich im absoluten Einklang mit mir selbst, mit der Welt, mit dem Sein, mit der Existenz an sich. Existenz – ich spürte sie als stetiges, konstantes Hintergrundrauschen, welches die Welt mit Sinn erfüllt und ihr die nötige Tiefe gibt, MIR die nötige Tiefe gibt. Überhaupt – alles war von Tiefe geprägt. Tief aus mir kamen so viele wichtige Signale … in der tiefe entsteht all das, was die Oberfläche so turbulent macht. Im Nachhinein lässt sich so ein MDMA-typischer Euphorieschub vielleicht am besten mit einem Vulkanausbruch beschreiben.
569	3	a	Mit der Zeit gewannen die Prozesse tief in mir immer mehr an Bedeutung und das Surfen an der Oberfläche wurde immer unwichtiger – eben oberflächlicher. Ich begann mich selbst neu zu begreifen, mich in einer ganz anderen Dimension zu entfalten. Diese Dimension nenne ich Tiefe, weil dieses Wort am ehesten beschreiben kann was es für eine Dimension ist. Doch sie hat nichts gemein mit der Tiefe der dritten Dimension. 
570	3	a	All das passierte während ich lief. Andere Menschen liefen an mir vorbei, über mir leuchteten die Sterne. Doch auch dies wurde immer unwichtiger. Zeit und Welt standen für mich still, bzw. sie liefen ohne mich weiter. Ich hatte mich aus den materiellen Strukturen der Realität ausgeklinkt, sie waren nicht mehr wichtig. Nicht jetzt. Ich fühlte mich frei, losgelöst von den Ketten welche mich an die Oberfläche des Seins banden. MDMA verhalf mir zu Ausgang, ich konnte Wege gehen, die mir zuvor nie bekannt waren. Und ich wollte Musik als Begleitung für die Spaziergänge haben. Zu diesem Zeitpunkt wurde mir schon durchaus sehr bewusst was mit mir geschah, aber diese Erkenntnis war keine Ernüchterung sondern ich erfreute mich eher daran.
571	3	a	Schliesslich kam ich auf der Lovestage an, als Infected Mushroom ihr Liveset spielten. Ich weiss nicht mehr wie die Musik klang² (komischerweise habe ich aber sehr ausgeprägte visuelle Eerinnerungen), auf jeden Fall klang sie einzigartig. Und sie wirkte nicht auf mich ein. Nein, ich hatte das Gefühl dass ICH voll von Musik war und diese Musik von mir abstrahlte und sie tausendfach von allen anderen Menschen auf der Tanzfläche reflektiert und verstärkt wurde – jeder war ein Teil des Ganzen und trug seinen Teil dazu bei. (Im Nachhinein ähnelt es ein bisschen der grossen Musik der Ainur, als sie Mittelerde schufen³.) Auch die Musik erreichte eine enorme Tiefe, selten fühlte ich mich Musik so sehr verbunden, dabei bin ich eigentlich ein Mensch der immer und die ganze Zeit Musik konsumiert. Es war ein Auf und Ab – das Bild des Vulkanausbruch passt wieder bestens auf das wie ich die Musik erlebte – absolut empathisch. Ich passte mich ihr an, liess mich auf sie ein und von ihr tragen. Ich tanzte nicht heftig … eher ruhig. 
572	3	a	Hin und wieder schloss ich die Augen und genoss das durch die Lichteffekte verursachte Farbgewitter. Ich fühlte mich allem verbunden, da jeder ein Teil des Ganzen war und das Ganze aus vielen Teilen bestand. Meine Blicke trafen sich mit denen anderer und ich konnte sofort erkennen wer drauf war und wer nicht. Fast alle waren drauf. Und mein Lächeln wurde mit warmen Blicken erwidert die so etwas wie „Willkommen, schön dass du auch hier bist“ ausdrückten. Wenn ich daran denke bekomme ich gerade nasse Augen – ich hätte nie gedacht dass es wirklich so ist. Ich hätte jeden umarmen können. Hielt Blickkontakt mit einem Mann der etwas älter als ich war und eine Glatze hatte. Seine Augen, sein Gesicht, alles erschien mir so anmutig schön. Und sein Lächeln erst … ich fühlte mich allein durch die Blicke die er ausstrahlte geborgen. Er schien mich zu verstehen und wir waren in derselben Welt … in einer Welt voller Ekstase und Tiefe. Auch mit Frauen tauschte ich Blicke aus – doch es gab keinen Unterschied zu den Männern. Die Tiefe des Seins kennt keinen Unterschied zwischen den Geschlechtern.
573	3	a	Ich blieb durchgehend auf diesem Niveau, bis ich die Location wechselte (Tentstage). Dort machten Kay Cee ihren Live Act. Ich war begeistert, doch bemerkte die ersten Abschwächungen des Trips. Ich unterhielt mich mit der Alex, die auch total begeistert von dem war, was KayCee dort präsentierte. Doch während dieses Acts kam ich langsam runter. Ich spürte dieses Rutschen sehr deutlich, es war ein sehr merklicher Unterschied. Diese tiefgehende Euphorie, die Einzigartigkeit des Zustandes waren von mir gewichen. Es stimme mich traurig, jedoch war meine aktuelle Stimmung immer noch sehr geniessbar ;-). Ich ging zwischendurch wieder auf die Lovestage in der Hoffnung mich wieder hochzupushen. Die Musik pushte mich zwar etwas, aber alles erschien mir weniger intensiv wie noch eine Stunde zuvor – die Leute, die Lichter, die Musik – es übte zwar alles sehr intensive Reize auf mich aus, jedoch lange nicht mehr so stark. Ich ärgerte mich über mich selbst, jeden Moment mit diesem enormen und Einzigarten Glücksrausch zu vergleichen. Diesen als neue Messlatte zu definieren erschien mir enorm hinderlich für meine Entfaltung und ich versuchte die Gedanken an diesen Zustand zu vergessen. 
574	3	a	An der Art und weise, wie ich mich mit mir selber und mit den Konflikten die in mir aufkamen auseinandersetze, merkte ich dass ich trotzdem noch voll auf dem MDMA-Film war. Das Denken, das Verarbeiten von Eindrücken, ja selbst die kritische Auseinandersetzung mit mir selbst war eine komplett andere. Für alles schien es eine Lösung zu geben, und obwohl ich gerade im Moment das akutes Problem mit meiner Erwartungshaltung und meinen eigenen Ansprüchen hatte, fühlte ich mich trotzdem sehr gut und glücklich. Ich akzeptierte meine Haltung und war über jeden Gedanken froh, egal ob gut oder schlecht, genau deshalb konnte ich auch kein Gedanke schlechter Natur sein. Ich analysierte mich selber und konnte mich verstehen – konnte auch verstehen dass ich dem Idealzustand nacheifer und begann, mich langsam von diesem Idealzustand zu verabschieden, damit ich ihn unbeschwert als Erinnerung mit in den Normalzustand tragen konnte. Es stimmte mich wirklich traurig, aber ich wurde davon nicht traurig. Es ist ganz schwer zu beschreiben. Ich ging wieder zur Tentstage, hörte noch ein bisschen KayCee zu und verliess dann das Festivalgelände um mich in den Chillout zu setzen – in meine Tipitown.
575	3	a	Der Gedanke an die Chillstadt löste wieder euphorische Reaktionen in mir aus. Und als ich sie  betrat begann die Welt wieder still zu stehen – ich gelangte diesmal wieder in die Tiefen der Existenz, ohne jedoch das was ich dort auffand lavaartig noch oben zu sprühen. Diesmal war es viel ruhiger, eine Einkehr in das das Zentrum meiner Seele: es herrschte Frieden und Ruhe. Kein Wellensurfen mehr, keine Vulkanausbrüche, einfach nur einzigartige Entspannung. Ich setzte mich zu Dirk, neben ihm sass ein sehr hübsches Mädchen. Ihre Augen, ihr Ausdruck im Gesicht beeindruckten mich. Ich sah sofort dass sie sich nicht in der Welt befand in der ich war, jedoch machte das auch gar nichts aus. Ich sprach sie an und nach kurzer Zeit schon ergab sich ein sehr nettes & interessantes Gespräch. Sie war aus Indien. Ich rede generell gerne mit Menschen aus fremden Ländern, aber noch nie erfüllte es mich mit soviel Zufriedenheit. Ich fand sofort die richtigen Worte, ähnlich wie schon beim KayCee Interview nur dass ich diesmal Englisch sprach. Obwohl es im Prinzip kein herausragendes Gespräch war, empfand ich es in diesem Moment als enorm erfüllend. Mein Kopf ist auch immer noch voller Erinnerung – viele Bilder sind 1:1 abgespeichert. Alles erschien mir so gelassen, harmonisch und ganzheitlich. 
576	3	a	Mein Kopf bewegte sich zum Takt der Downbeats und Dirk verkroch sich immer mehr in seinen Schlafsack. Es war kalt, in mir drinnen jedoch durchflutete mich unbeschreibliche Wärme. Ich hätte ewig in diesem Zustand bleiben können – es war wie eine Art Erwachen nach der Geburt (auch wenn ich mich an meine Geburt nicht erinnern kann ;) ). Es gab keine Ecken und Kanten in meiner Stimmung. Alles hatte eine runde, konstante und organische Form. Die Welt stand still, es schien mir so als ob der zustand für mich gemacht wäre um mich endlich 100% damit zu beschäftigen, meine Existenz mit Sinn zu füllen bzw. den Sinn zu erkennen.
577	3	a	Ich schaute umher, lauschte den Klängen und genoss diese innere Ruhe, die ich ausstrahlte und die mir half eine besonders intensive Art der Allgegenwärtigkeit zu erreichen. Es gab nichts mehr was nicht in mein Weltbild passte, quantitative Grössen wie Zeit verloren komplett ihre Bedeutung. Meine Aufmerksamkeit war nach innen und aussen gerichtet, ich hätte ewig so sitzen bleiben können um das Hintergrundrauschen der Liebe zu spüren. Deshalb bewegte ich mich nicht vom Fleck, bis mir irgendwann einfiel dass ich noch eine Prozac nehmen sollte um den neurologischen mdma-Schäden vorzubeugen. Das war auch das einzige Mal dass ich mich kurz aus dem Zelt bewegte, danach wurde das absolute Chillen fortgesetzt. 
578	3	a	Ab so ca. 6h begann ich so langsam runterzukommen. Es war ein sehr sanftes Runterkommen (vermutlich begünstigt durch Prozac). Ich wurde vorsichtig in den Normalzustand zurückgetragen, damit ich das was ich vom MDMA-Kosmos mitnehmen konnte und nicht fallen liess oder zerbrach. Ich hatte sehr viel Freude daran zu merken wie ich nach und nach in die Realität zurückkam, die mir nun um einiges einfacher und naiver gestrickt vorkam. Ehrlich gesagt war ich sogar froh den Grossteil meiner Lebenszeit „hier“ zu verbringen. Ich fühlte mich erschöpft und war auf eine gewisse Weise glücklich nicht mehr mit den enormen Reizen und Wellen von MDMA konfrontiert zu werden. Eine wunderschöne Reise fand ihr Ende in einem langen Schwebeflug, und auch die Landung dauerte einige Zeit. Ich kann nicht genau sagen wann genau ich wieder unten war – eigentlich hielt der Afterglow noch mindestens den halben Tag an. Ich fühlte mich erhaben. Meine persönliche Entwicklung schien durch dieses eine Erlebnis einen enormen Sprung gemacht zu haben. Ich habe Dimensionen erreicht, die die meisten Menschen aus Angst, Ignoranz oder weiss Gott was nie erreichen werden. Ich fühlte dem Rest der Menschheit weit voraus. 
579	3	a	Epilog : Ist ein MDMA-Erlebnis das Risiko wert? 
580	3	a	Seit dem Trip sind 8 Tage vergangen … und ich stehe immer noch unter dem Einfluss der Mächtigkeit dieses Erlebnisses – es hat mich sehr beeinflusst, hat mir neue Dimensionen des Seins aufgezeigt und meinem Empfinden eine enorme Tiefe gegeben. Einen Teil dieser Tiefe habe ich aus dem Erlebnis in meinen Alltag mitgenommen – ich habe das Gefühl sensibler und empfindsamer geworden zu sein, obwohl ich das ohnehin schon bin. Den ganzen Sonntag danach war ich extrem geistesabwesend. Ich genoss es, eine neue Welt kennen gelernt zu haben, in Tiefen vorgedrungen zu sein die mir bisher immer vorenthalten waren. Ich wurde mir plötzlich über so vieles bewusst, was wiederum schwer in Worte zu fassen ist und den bericht noch unnötiger in die Länge ziehen würde. Fest steht jedenfalls, dass die Strukturen von Leben und Sein unter MDMA Einfluss ganz andere sind. Die Welt erscheint einem viel konstruktiver, viel genialer als sie eigentlich ist und richtig angewendet würde MDMA einigen Menschen gut tun, da es eine Art neue Lebensenergie in einem weckt. Doch habe ich an diesem Wochenende auch leider gesehen dass die Droge meiner Meinung nach in 90% aller Fälle falsch bzw. unter falschen Umständen angewendet wird. 
581	3	a	Der Drang nach Tanzen war bei mir am Tag zuvor unter Ephedrin Einfluss viel stärker – das MDMA hat mich eher lahm gemacht. Ich war zwar wach und gegenwärtig, jedoch auf eine ganz andere Art. Und die Intensität dieser Substanz ist mir zu schade um sie auf der Tanzfläche zu verheizen, so wie es die ganzen Druffis zu pflegen tun (welche mir im Nachhinein als sehr traurige Gestalten erscheinen). MDMA ist mehr als eine Partydroge – eigentlich ist sie imho gar keine Partydroge. Sie greift so enorm in die Prozesse des Denkens und Fühlens, der Wahrnehmung und des Bewusstseins ein. Dies setzt einen sehr vorsichtigen Umgang voraus. Ich hatte zwar immer die volle Kontrolle über den Trip, merkte jedoch manchmal doch dass ich eine enorme Flughöhe erreichte, die einen durchaus aus der Umlaufbahn werfen kann bzw. (um bei der Metapher des tiefen Meeres zu bleiben) für immer darin zu versinken. Die Heftigkeit der Wirkung resultiert natürlich aus einem heftigen Chaos : mdma bringt die chemische „Normalkonfiguaration“ im Hirn ganz schön durcheinander und dies zieht diverse Gefahren nach sich, die ja hinreichend bekannt sind. 
582	3	a	Doch am fatalsten finde ich es, dass die meisten Konsumenten durch ihren Konsum das Hrn jedes Wochenende zur Produktion dieses Chaos zwingen und damit der Wirkung der Droge die Grundlage entziehen : denn in einem geschädigten serotogenem System kann auch XTC nicht mehr wirken und das sollte auch diejenigen überzeugen, die sich die Pillen dutzendweise jedes Wochenende reinschmettern. Nach der Intensität dieses Trips spürte ich auch sofort das Verlangen es wieder zu tun, jedoch weiss ich wie kontraproduktiv das wäre. Ich möchte auch noch in ein paar Jahren Spass mit MDMA haben und daraus ähnlich intensive Erfahrungen ziehen wie diesmal – deshalb habe ich auch mit ein paar Monaten pause gar kein Problem. 
583	3	a	Ich möchte die Erkenntnisse, die mir diese psychotrope Substanz gibt nicht missen – sie hat mich enorm weitergebracht.
584	3	a	Fast ein halbes Jahr ist nun vergangen, und das Erlebnis hat kein bisschen an Mächtigkeit eingebüsst. Seitdem bin ich sehr experimentierfreudig geworden – habe Erfahrungen mit anderen Substanzen gesammelt und war eine zeitlang der Meinung dass mein erstes Mal Psilocybin eine noch einschneidendere Erfahrung war. Diese Ansicht muss ich jedoch nach erneutem Lesen meines mdma-Berichtes revidieren. Pilze haben die Dimensionen meines Bewusstseins ohne Zweifel erweitert, was die Wahrnehmungsebene betrifft gab es hier sicherlich. mehr zu erfahren als bei mdma. Auch die von Psilocybin induzierte Euphorie ist der des mdma sehr ähnlich. Meine beiden Pilztrips waren auf ihre Art und Weise ebenso einmalig. Ihnen fehlte jedoch die Empathie, die ich damals im August mit mdma verspürte. Im Nachhinein ist mir immer klarer geworden wie wichtig das Setting für das oben beschriebene mdma-Erlebnis war. Es trug massgeblich zu der Heftigkeit der Wirkung bei, kein Moment meines Lebens wäre besser gewesen. Die Atmosphere auf dem Lovefield und meine eigene entspannte & gelöste Stimmung machten einen Trip dieser Tiefe erst möglich, ich konnte mich optimal darauf einlassen. 
585	3	a	Dieses Wochenende veränderte tatsächlich mein Leben – und darin liegt der Unterschied zu allen nachfolgenden Drogenerfahrungen, auch wenn die ein- oder andere noch heftiger ausfiel (Pilze auf einer Acidtechnoparty in einem Club ist Reizüberflutung pur ;)). Ich begann mich tatsächlich neu zu begreifen, auch wenn dieser Prozess auch in den letzten Monaten meist unterbewusst blieb.
586	3	a	Diese, und nur diese Erfahrung liess mich zum ersten Mal in eine neue Welt eintauchen. Deshalb nannte ich den Bericht „Die Tiefen des Erwachens“. Ich bin an diesem Wochenende erwacht, habe angefangen zu begreifen … mich und meine Welt neu zu begreifen. Und diese Art von Erwachen ist nicht wiederholbar, weil ich seitdem nicht mehr eingeschlafen bin. Deshalb ist und bleibt diese Erfahrung so einzigartig. 
587	3	a	Drei Monate lang habe ich die Finger von Teilen gelassen. Es war für mich kein Problem. Ende letzten Jahres gab es zwei weitere Pillen … die Wirkung war jedoch sehr enttäuschend. Dies verdeutlichte mir noch mehr wie viel Glück ich im August hatte. Denn reines mdma ist heute seltenes Gut geworden. Ich erreichte nicht mal im Ansatz eine derartige Euphorie. Ich bin mir recht sicher dass das grösstenteils an der Qualität der Teile lag. Jedoch wurde mir auch durch diese „gescheiterten“ Experimente klar, dass es „das erste Mal“ (in meinem Fall das dritte ;) ) eben nur einmal geben kann. Ich will nicht bezweifeln dass die Euphorie und Empathie nicht reproduzierbar ist, jedoch braucht es dafür gute Qualität und ein sehr gutes Setting. Und bis diese Bedingungen eintreffen braucht man sehr viel Geduld. Ich bin bereit diese aufzubringen und auf schlechte Teile gänzlich zu verzichten. Auf Parties brauch ich XTC sowieso nicht. Ich bleib auch ganz gern nüchtern und ausserdem gibt es zum Feiern besseres (Herbals, Piperazine). Dennoch bin ich dauernd auf der Suche nach Pillen, von denen irgendwer mit Sicherheit sagen kann dass sie viel mdma beinhalten. Die Einzigartigkeit meines Erlebnisses gilt es noch zu relativieren … weil es immer noch über allem steht. Das merke ich daran, wie präsent die Erinnerungen noch sind. 
588	3	a	Wenn ich bestimmte Lieder höre, die ich in Zusammenhang mit dem Lovefield Wochenende bringen kann überkommen mich warme Flower. Gerne denke ich daran zurück wie ich aus meiner Döserei mit den lieblichen Klängen von Snowflower in Tipitown erwachte. Mittlerweile kehrte auch die Erinnerung an manche Tracks zurück, die auf dem Peak des Erlebnisses in meinen Ohren klangen: z.B. Unbalanced von Infected Mushroom. Es gibt keinen Track, der meinen damaligen Zustand besser ausdrückt: Phänomenal, bombastisch, mächtig, einige Dimensionen über dem Gewöhnlichen. 
589	3	a	²) auf dem Peak liefen zumindest einige Tracks des Albums BP Empire von Infected Mushroom. In Tipitown beeindruckte mich vor allem der Psydub, allen voran Snowflower von Ooze. Seitdem Erlebnis hat sich meine Sympathie für Psydub noch mal deutlich intensiviert, ich empfinde die Musik zuweilen tatsächlich als anders
590	3	a	³) Der Vergleich mit Elementen aus Tolkiens Mythologie hat seine Gründe: Ich habe mich früher sehr intensiv mit Mittelerde beschäftigt und mich in Tolkiens Welt sehr reingesteigert bzw. eine sehr ähnliche Empathie dafür empfunden. Auch Arda erreicht eine enorme Tiefe, die mich schon immer sehr beeindruckt hat. Deshalb drängte sich beim Schreiben des Berichten der Vergleich mit der Musik der Ainur auf (Referenzen : J.R.R. Tolkien, Das Silmarillion : Ainulande, von der Enstehung von Arda)
591	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
592	3	a	MDE (35), MDMA (3) : Festival / Lg. Crowd (24), Music Discussion (22), Nature / Outdoors (23), Glowing Experiences (4), Retrospective / Summary (11), General (1)
593	3	a	Once more, into the breach! The clan has taken off on their various projects so I'm all alone at my house, and once more I'm drawn to my stash of MDMA. The two times I've used it before have been deeply cathartic, and I feel compelled to use it again tonight. In the spirit of science I pulled out a notepad and kept fairly detailed notes as I went along:
594	3	a	0:00 Took a gelcap of 120 mg MDMA after a light meal + some calcium and magnesium supplements for good measure. I'm sitting in semi-dark watching TV, relaxed, all by myself.
595	3	a	0:15 Mild sexual arrousal noted. Semi-flacid, no effort made to encourage the erection. It fades over a few minutes.
596	3	a	0:20 Some analgesic effect is noted--aches and pains fading.
597	3	a	0:30 There is a tightness in my chest, feels very much like a little gas or heartburn. Not troublesome. And suddenly...I can't write. I try to...my mind seems clear, I don't feel high or 'rolling' yet.... But I just can't force my concentration to stay on the paper in front of me. I raise my pen...my mind wanders...I bring back my attention to the note pad...wanders off again. VERY interesting! This experience suggests that there may actually be a period of substantial impairment before the drugs are subjectively strongly felt. A 'stoning' effect before the energizing effect? A difference in +/- isomer effects and the speed with which they take effect?
598	3	a	0:50 Feeling relaxed now, slightly energized. I feel mentally clear and focused. At this point I have no trouble writing again. No noticeable pupil dilation.
599	3	a	0:55 A slight tingling in my face. Pulse measures at 80, blood pressure seems significantly higher but I don't have the gear to test it. Next time I'll wander into the local drug store with their BP testing machine. ;-)
600	3	a	1:00 Oh yah, that's the stuff. I feel light as a feather. Not peaked yet, but undeniably on the way up. Well, let's go for broke: I dissolve another 40 mg of MDMA crystal in half a glass of water and knock it back. Unpleasant taste, but very manageable.
601	3	a	1:05 Again, some sexual arrousal is noted. I sit down and watch more TV and think about it.
602	3	a	1:10 Yes, definately rolling now, although not too hard. The semi-erection is still here, so I heed the wise advice to never let a stiffy go to waste and strip off my clothes and encourage the phenomenon with a little rubbing. Shazam! Hard as a frickin rock! Masturbation feels wonderful. There seems to be a certain loss of sensativity, but eventually climax comes and is tremendously satisfying. I wash up and walk about naked for a few minutes before deciding I should get dressed. Now where the heck did I leave my pants? A look in the mirror reveals full-blown pupil dilation.
603	3	a	1:25 I feel energized, yet not as wired as I felt on my last dose (which was half this size!) taken with a friend there. I would conclude that MDMA really loves people (not in some stupid metaphysical sense, just in its psychological effects on the user) and that how 'energizing' it is depends very heavily on the setting you're in. This may also be a factor in neurotoxicity, ie. more stimulating situations releasing more dopamine. Well, only one good use for energy with nobody else around: Get some excercise! Out the door and walk beneath the full moon! (It's now about 2:00 AM so I don't meet another soul on foot.) The light cloud cover, backlit by the moon, makes for a lovely and surreal setting. As I walk, my mind starts to turn inward, hovering here and there and moving on until....
604	3	a	Yes, that's the sore spot. My relationship with my father. Like so many Americans I had the unhappy childhood that comes from parents who weren't really quite ready enough or emotionally healthy to be having kids. My dad...wasn't horribly violent, but was so full of anger and pain from his own fucked up childhood that he took it out on us, even though he tried not to. To live in fear of a parent is monstrous thing, and feeling unloved is far worse than any spanking. And so, as he had been twisted by his parents, I was twisted...a new generation of pain and fear and rage. My first year in college I ate everything in sight, never exercised, and still lost twenty pounds, so great was the tension I held in check. (To the philosphers who ask if hate can really keep you warm at night, can really give you the will to live, yes, yes it can.) 
605	3	a	But over the years I had come to understand the life that shaped him, and he had almost completely changed. And somehow, that was almost worse: If he had been the same asshole I could have stomped him into the ground, spit, and never come home again. But I knew that the person who had hurt me so terribly really was gone--it was pointless to blame the person he had become. But...that's a lot of history to overcome. At family get-togethers we were always friendly, but cautious. No hostility, but no connection, no sense of being anything more than casual aquaintances. It's amazing what sort of nasty tangled crap we manage to force under the surface and go on with out lives as though it didn't really matter to us. But....MDMA doesn't really allow for that sort of emotional denial, so it all came bubbling up. But, thanks to the MDMA, it was completely safe and painless--the ability to accept the pain and move past it without fear. It was clear to me that the anger I had held onto for so long was only harming myself--it didn't serve a single damn useful purpose on earth and I was only holding onto it because letting go would seem like the past hadn't really been important, that I was just being silly and should just ignore it like a good little trooper. 
606	3	a	Well, it's not healthy to supress the past--the only real way to get over it is to come to terms with it. And slowly, like working a nasty psychic kink out of a hose, I forgave him...and forgave myself for my own anger. I wanted to call up my folks and tell them that I loved them, that I had understood why they had been the people they were (and had for some time) and that while I might not be able to forgive who they were I loved and forgave the people they had become. It was a rare and beautiful moment of emotional clarity, that, looking back a week later, was entirely legitimately based (if a bit over-enthusiastic). If it hadn't been in the deep middle of the night I probably would have hopped in the car and gone to visit them (although I wasn't sure how they'd take the whole drug thing--I was always the 'good' kid.)
607	3	a	Halfway through the walk, remembering the claims of enhanced sense of touch for MDMA, I start to rub with my fingertips around my shoulders and back and neck--and feel my eyes start to roll back in my head and my knees almost buckle! Holy crap! It wasn't pleasure in a sexual way...more just like a good backrub raised about an order of magnitude in it's enjoyability. I wish I had a masseuse handy!
608	3	a	3:05 Back home with my notebook. Pulse is about 85. 
609	3	a	Some jaw clenching so I pop in a little plastic dental shim I've had for years (an 'NTI device'), which works wonderfully to keep the clench under control. I put on some music (Wagnerian opera, chased by some Radiohead and a little new-age stuff) and lay down on the couch. I'm still very much 'up', eyes fully dilated, but not 'speedy' at all. As I lay in the dark and listen to the music it's as if I'm hearing it for the first time, with a new richness and vibrance, as if I had never *really* heard it before. Is this how babies see the world? As the music plays I think again of my parents and the need to heal the rift. I'm finally ready for it...and I think they are too.
610	3	a	6:30 Down. Pupil dilation back to normal. The 'high' is clearly gone, yet I still feel almost completely open emotionally--my guard isn't back up yet. A rather long roll, but then, it was a rather high dose (about 2 mg/kg of body weight, starting to get within shooting distance of the most conservative estimates of where neurotoxic effects might start to appear. Be careful, kiddies--keep your dosing light and infrequent.)
611	3	a	Post-facto: Well, it's a week later. I felt a little tired the next day, but nothing bad. Perhaps just a hair emotionally sensitive for a few days afterwards, but no more so than for much of my life. I feel no real urge to use MDMA again--you might say this last experience was what I realy needed to get out of it. I'm sure I'll use again at some point in the future since it's just plain good fun, but the powerful drive to seek this altered state, the conviction that there is something terribly important waiting for me in it, has gone away. God, my life would have been so much different if I had access to this drug a decade ago.... But weep not for lost opportunities as long as you've learned the lesson. And as far as my future? Well...I'm not angry any more.
612	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
613	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Families (41), Glowing Experiences (4), Alone (16)
614	3	a	This is not the first time I had fallen in love with someone when I was actually rollin when I met them. The whole point of this story is so that other people may avoid the same problems that I have gone through. But let me tell you a little bit about myself. I have tried many drugs over the years, so it wasn't like this was my first trip or anything. I consider myself experienced in the art of getting the most out of those wonderful x pills. I have taken them over 30 times in the past 2 years, but this was only her 4th or 5th time.
615	3	a	It had been several months since I had rolled, so I knew that once I committed to my trip that it was going to be powerful. My friends and I had done a lot of planning for this event. Everyone was ready. We all didn't eat anything all day, had plenty of glow sticks, vicks (vapor rub and inhalers), and were ready to go. everyone ate one and snorted another, but then we realized that we forgot the OJ, so I went to the local store. I remember walking up and down the rows of food when it suddenly kicked in. Everything seemed to make sense.  I felt like I had found the answers to impossible questions like 'How to find world peace.' Everything was just wonderful!  (BTW, I find it really does help to wait a few weeks or so between trips, they are much more fun that way).
616	3	a	So anyway, I finally find the OJ, and was at the counter to pay when I saw her, the most perfect thing I had ever seen. She was a friend of a friend of mine, but all that I knew then was her name (from her name tag) and that my friend said that she liked X, so I invited her to the party when she got off work. I never actually thought that she would actually come over, but at the time I was glad that she did. *I want the reader to understand that if I wasn't on x at the time, I wouldn't of even spoken to her. I would have gotten the OJ asap and gone back to the party.
617	3	a	So she arrived about 1.5 hours later. at this time, she popped 2 pills, and I took my third of the night (just to be on a similar plane at the same time as her. this was a very bad idea because it was this action that triggered a series of misunderstood events that left both of us very hurt. 
618	3	a	At first everything was awesome (Duh, bc we were rollin). We enjoyed endless hours of light shoes with the glow sticks, that sweet menthol smell of the vicks, techno, and an undescrible connection through all this and lots of eye contact.
619	3	a	I felt like I had known her my whole life.  All her troubles (and mine) seemed to fade away as the night went on. One thing led to another and we eventually had sex, and seemed perfect also. I just want the reader to understand that the point of my experience it not to preach against sex while on x, but to let everyone understand that x opens you up.  Now you can take this two ways, that you can easily connect with people you don't know in a positive way, but also understand that most of my love relationships that were formed as a result of x usually would not have formed without the drugs. See, we talked and shared personal things with each other, but they were thinks that I would not have said if I were sober. And needless to say, I regretted saying those thinks a few weeks later...
620	3	a	After that night, we were together 24/7 for about a week, maybe 2. After that everything went down hill.  We didn't have anything in common, it was just horrible to finally know about her personality. I thought I knew all about her, but the x distorted my perception of right and wrong by making everything seem perfect.
621	3	a	If I could leave the reader with anything, it would simply 'Beware of what you do on x because you and your feelings aren't just opened up more than normal, they are completely exposed for everything positive and negative.' And more than likely they will seem very positive at the time, just try to consider life after you return from the X-Heaven.
622	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
623	3	a	MDMA (3) : Post Trip Problems (8), Relationships (44), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
624	3	a	This experience took place on 2001 summer vacations. I was in a camping park with some friends of mine. We had a vast supply of weed and some grams of coke, but I also took 1/2 gram of pure MDMA (in crystal form) withouth the knowledge of my friends. I was saving it for some special ocasion, and the oportunity came in the 4th day. We met a group of girls who were camping in the park. We went out to a bar, had some nice conversations, smoked a few joints... let's just say we got along pretty well. I was particulary atracted to one of them, a divinely beautiful blonde girl. I spent some time alone with her in my tent, and she asked me if I could get her some pills. That was the oportunity! I said I had something a lot better than pills, pure crystals of MDMA. She was very interested in taking some with me, so we decided to go out for a walk at night, to the beach, just the two of us.
625	3	a	At dinner, we ate only a light vegetable soup at a restaurant and went to my tent. I split the crystals in 5 nearly equal parts, crushed 2 into powder and wraped it in some paper. Each one of us swallowed 1, and we went to the city. It didn't took 20 minutes to hit me. I began to feel a little nauseated and uncomfortable, but this feeling wore off quickly and I began to feel the blissful efect of MDMA, pretty strongly: strong body waves, energy and that lovely feeling of empathy. She was feeling nothing at the time, but 10 minutes later it hit her.
626	3	a	We were both happy and euphoric, smiling and laughing a lot when we finally reached the beach. We took off our shoes and started walking on the sand. The tactile sensation on my foot was awesome, the sand seemed like a very soft thing, like walking in velvet. I was feeling quite floaty at the time as well, but the real high began when we both sat down on the sand and begun to talk about our lives. I told all my life problems to a girl I had met a couple days before, and so did she. I wouldn't do this at all if I was sober, I am a pretty reservated person, but at that time, it didn't matters, I trusted her more than I would trust my best friend if I was sober. She also told me her problems, and I hugged her and said 'não te preocupes, não importa o que aconteça, estarei sempre ao teu lado, para sempre' ('don't worry, no matter what happens I will always be on your side, forever' in portuguese :) ). That was intended by both of us as a declaration of love, and we kissed. 
627	3	a	That was probably the most intense sensation I have ever felt, her lips touching mine, it was an indescribable feeling, believe me. I felt truly in love with that girl, like I'd never felt before. She was the most beautiful and wonderful person in the world to my eyes. We both said we loved each other very very much. For the next 4 hours, we kept walking on the beach, sitting on the sand, having deep personal conversations and kissing and licking each other.
628	3	a	But when the effects started to wear off, things got tense between us. I began to realise I had told things that I wouldn't tell to anybody (except for my very best friend) to a stranger, and I think she also thought the same. We stoped talking, and just stared to each other. I was depressed because of the drug comedown and because I had sworn eternal love to a person that I didn't love, the intense love feeling betwen was nothing but an ilusion created by the drug. I got up and said that it was better to go to the camping park again, and she agreed. Fortunatly, on our way, she started to talk about what happened, and we both agreed that we felt nothing but a physical atraction by each other, and that we should forget that night. 
629	3	a	I've never seen her again since. I must admit, I never felt such a magic feeling like that night, it was far better than my first time (which was in a club), but be warned: when you do MDMA you may easily misjudge your feelings. I won't take it again with a girl, unless I love her for real
630	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
631	3	a	MDMA (3) : Relationships (44), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
632	3	a	One Summers night out of work, me and my girlfriend got in a car with this couple we knew and headed out for a weekend camping.
633	3	a	Sitting silent on the back seat staring out the window, looking for reassurance in the passing scenery, individually contemplating the journey ahead.
634	3	a	My anxiety was natural, it was the product of an unnatural life. Seperated from myself just after birth, I'd ended up working in a mindless, faceless corporate sweat shop, processing processes. I wanted, needed,  a reunion, my only misgivings were wether what I had planned was going to aggrevate the schism.
635	3	a	We arrived at seven, pitched our tents, ate dinner.
636	3	a	We went down by the riverside, sat down on cooling earth, the smell of chlorophyll and sweat, like when I was a kid.
637	3	a	Within 20 minutes I was feeling the beginnings.After 30 I was siezed by panic and it was evident from my sweating and cracked grin that I was struggling. Thankfully my friends left me alone.
638	3	a	Whilst they carried on their conversations I sat trying to come to terms with my condition, all I could do was stare out over the river. Slowly, over a few minutes my heart rate dropped, my sweat dried,cooling my skin. Staring at the river, the reflections, the persistent gentle flow, the greatest calmness I have ever felt descended on me,like all sense away from man revealed an endless coming into being. 
639	3	a	(I spent the rest of the evening with my girlfriend).
640	3	a	I get angry at the unthinking, knee jerk, demonising critics of MDMA who seem unconcerned at the truly demonic aspects of a ruanway society with it's excessive demands, it's lonliness, it's greed, where we are all mentally ill, in an acceptable way. I suggest that this is a neccessary tool to combat the mental hardship inflicted on us by the unreasonable demands of a society which we can not control and which is, in fact, controlling us with threats.
641	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
642	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Nature / Outdoors (23), Health Benefits (32), Glowing Experiences (4), General (1)
643	3	a	        I took around 1/3 of a crown and dissolved it in warm water. It dissolved rapidly without even stirring it... wonder whats in the pill besides MDMA? Anyway, I took it down at 1:56. I'll probably need to supplement, and I'll probably take more at 2:30, enough to leave me with half the pill. I don't know if I'll take a hit of MeO, but its an idea. It's 2:17 and I've had a warm feeling for a few minutes, the first signs of effect. I plan to write alot this trip... thats my primary motivation this time, in fact. I'm going to go prepare the booster dose now.
644	3	a	        I went to make the booster and noticed some powder I'd spilled, so I added it as well. I put in about 1ml of 70 proof vodka to help speed absorption (just a guess). I took it at 2:30, so I've got about 1/2 of a Crown in me now. Since the amount I spilled was pretty big, I probably won't feel alot until this second dose hits me. Guess I'm going to be up pretty late!
645	3	a	        Definately beginning to feel effects! There is a pervasive body warmth. Sound has a different quality to it... Sort of as if drifting by. In a way its a lot like the way sounds seem at the tail end of an acid trip. Colors are much more vibrant than normal, and there is a sharpness or crispness to things. Depth perception is dramatically enhanced. I'm getting the beginnings of mild nystagmus (eye-wiggle) as well. I hear wind chimes outside, other than that things are quite silent. The come-on from MDMA is very different from traditional psychedelics. With LSD for example, its a steady gradual climb. MDMA seems to come on in steps. First nothing. Then physical sensations. Then the stage I'm in now, with visual and auditory changes. Then the full effect. And of course the sensations are pretty different. This stage reminds me a lot of the tail end of LSD, before I fall asleep. There's even a strange sort of almost-tiredness that usually hits right before the peak... the desire to lay down and curl up - but not to actually sleep. I'm starting to feel it now, actually. If I lean back and close my eyes, I have an undefined sensation of motion, as if flying ot maybe falling. I'm going to lie down and turn out the lights and let the peak come on.
646	3	a	        Damn! A lot more time passed than I expected. Almost half an hour since I turned out the lights. I've been in my peak for a while. Laying in bed, I was having a pretty entactogenic trip. I thought about alot of mundane things, examining a lot of things going on in my life right now, nothing that's unusually interesting. Eventually it shifted into thoughts about various women in my life, mostly ones from long ago, and oddly, a lot of them girls I never had any real romantic interest in (consciously at least). MDMA has a very feminine nature, so I guess its only natural... Anyway, I'm not looking for an entactogenic trip, so I got up and turned on the lights.
647	3	a	I've got a pack of strawberry Pop Rocks candy. On acid, they're great. Hmm... not so with MDMA. They make incredibly loud noises, and the flavor is almost soapy. Save the rest for later.
648	3	a	After tonight I won't be using MDMA for a while. I've got 2 1/2 Crowns left, and I don't want to waste them. I've done it 4 weekends in a row, and I'm not getting near as much from it this time. Taking a hit of MeO feels like it would be a waste, but if I smoke some pot, I'll be in a nice, mellow place for writing. Right now, though, I'm almost kind of bored. Well, no, that's misleading. It's more just the realization that this E could've been put to better use another time.
649	3	a	        Pot definately helped some... I mean, I like where I'm at and where I've been tonight, its just not the full potential of MDMA. (4:20, toke!) This is purely recreational, not psychedelic.
650	3	a	Actually, the pot's helping *alot*! Pot and MDMA have a really good synergy. There's a very noticable visual enhancement and physical sensation. I wonder if my lowered reation to the E is due to lowered serotonin levels (well, besides just plain tolerance)? I should probably take steps to increase my serotonin after doing MDMA 4 weeks in a row. High tryptophan foods and all.
651	3	a	I've got a strong desire to write, but I dont know about what.
652	3	a	        Fuck! It just hit me... I was thinking 'What should I write about, I'm just sitting here writing about the effects.' Then I realized I'd fallen for a trap for novice trippers, and felt dumb. I've been trying to control or direct it, wanting things to go one way when it wanted to go another. I should've let things ride with the initial entactogenic phase... I wanted to write though I've got nothing to write about. You can't force an MDMA trip to go a certain way, any more than any other psychedelic. Fighting it is counterproductive. On acid, it can make you have a bad trip. On E, its like the E just gives up and you get a feeling of wasting your time. I took a half hit, with some sort of tolerance from doing it every week, and it should be a mild introspective trip. Realizing that, and letting go of my internal resistance, everything instantlly got better. Tonight's not for writing some long psychedelic revelation. It's for chilling out, thinking about life and friends, and good things, and just relaxing and being. It's not too late, and I think this in itself is a revelation.
653	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
654	3	a	MDMA (3) : Alone (16), Difficult Experiences (5), General (1)
655	3	a	I always enjoy other people's descriptions of their drug experiences, so I thought I'd add mine. I wrote the following for a friend of mine who never takes recreational drugs. I had taken Ecstasy twice before, at music festivals, and noticed that it didn't seem to be a social drug for me. So last Sunday I decided to take it by myself. It was a beautiful sunny day, and I was housesitting near a lake.
656	3	a	I've been up since 4 this morning. While an Ecstasy high lasts only 4 or 5 hours, the amphetamine effect lasts for much longer. I went to bed around 10:30 and slept very lightly all night. Then I decided it would be good to be out in the morning. The sky was clear, and I hadn't been up for sunrise since winter. And I wanted to revisit some of the places I had been yesterday.
657	3	a	This coming down part is a bit of a rough road. Before I started yesterday I knew I'd feel lonely coming down. And I do. I thought that Eddie, the cat, would be of some comfort, but he's not much. And I can't think of anyone who wants a visit or a phone call at this hour on a Monday morning. When I have the 'speed' effect without the euphoria effect, the usual comforting activities don't work (food, sleep, lounging, reading).
658	3	a	And, although I'm glad I went walking this morning - it actually felt like that was the only option for me - revisiting yesterday's places was not particularly happy. Toward the end of my walk, a raven got really annoyed with me, and screamed at me for dozens of yards. Her voice was especially grating.
659	3	a	I think, though, that her voice was not a problem yesterday. Either that, or else she wasn't yelling at me. All the sounds of the afternoon formed a song. Birds, trees rustling, voices, and the ever-present bump-bump of the traffic on the I-90 bridge. It's as though each sound makes a lasting impression on my mind such that all the sounds blend. In fact, what seems to happen in general is that each sensory input is experienced for a longer moment than normal. So one's visual field seems bigger and richer. The movement of the leaves on the trees is like a dance. And the sounds make music.
660	3	a	I was out for 5-1/2 hours yesterday. I did chores around the house until I could feel the Ecstasy take effect. Then I suddenly had an urge to breathe in deeply, and the breath filled me up. I made sure the cat was outside, put a little money and my ID (with your emergency contact info!) in my windbreaker pocket, left the house and locked the door.
661	3	a	It's so funny that I thought I might write to you while I was tripping, because I became so absorbed in each moment that the last thing I wanted to do was walk back home and log in. I spent 5-1/2 hours within a 1-mile x 1/4-mile strip along Lake Washington. If I could have tripped longer, I could have spent days in that same area.
662	3	a	First I walked down to the lake. It was a sunny Sunday, and there were all kinds of people out. I felt so incredibly vulnerable, though. I knew that if I made eye contact with anyone, it would be for a longer moment than normal, and it would draw people toward me. I've experienced it before. So I averted my eyes from everyone. Finally I realized that I didn't want to be around people at all. So I turned and walked up through Colman Park.
663	3	a	Colman Park is just one block south of the house where I'm staying. It's mostly just a green space. But yesterday afternoon it was an infinite paradise. A road (Lake Washington Blvd.) winds through the park, but there is a footpath that cuts straight up the hill and tunnels under the Blvd. so that you don't have to walk on the road at all. Once I entered the first tunnel I felt this huge sense of relief. I was out of the sun, and I was away from all those people. All afternoon I continued to enjoy various senses of relief which often seemed all out of proportion to whatever discomfort I had been feeling. I mean, I wasn't enjoying being around all those people, but it wasn't awful. But somehow it felt absolutely exhilarating to be away from them.
664	3	a	My shoes were off. And my feet were already filthier than I ever let them get in normal life. When I'm on Ecstasy I feel like walking through everything - sand, puddles, mud, gravel - and I don't notice what it does to my feet. I just don't care. In fact, I have to be extra careful not to step on glass, because I might not notice if I were cut badly. I'd probably just enjoy the sensation of the warm blood oozing out.
665	3	a	After walking very slowly up this path, maybe 50 yards, I reached a very green spot. And there the peak of the high hit me. I stood in one spot for the longest time, staring up at the trees, swaying back and forth, turning my head in different directions, and listening to the song. I even had some mild hallucinogenic visual effects, where the swaying trees formed geometric patterns. And if I closed my eyes, I actually saw those psychadelic-type black and white checkerboard patterns moving all around. I didn't like that. I wanted to be in the real world. So I kept my eyes open.
666	3	a	There was another woman sitting in the grass about 50 feet away, but I felt safe with her. She was minding her own business, and I felt sure she'd let me mind mine. In fact, I think I enjoyed her presence.
667	3	a	I hugged some trees. They were delicious. I enjoyed the roughness of the bark.
668	3	a	Then I walked up some more. There is a P-patch further up the hill. There were people working in it. I walked very slowly through the patch. I enjoyed the earthy smell and the idea that people were helping things to grow there. The song was still playing. I was very high, even kind of lightheaded. I began to worry that I was getting dehydrated. It's easy to do that on Ecstasy, and some people have gotten very ill that way. And I hate to drink anyway, and never feel thirst. But I noticed that my mouth was dry, and that the sun felt hot. Well, there were all these faucets and garden hoses all around, so I felt secure. I just needed to find a way to drink from one of them. I didn't want to ask anyone to drink out of their hose. Finally I found a faucet without a hose on it, and I turned it on and drank. The water was hot. And after a few swallows I began to feel nauseous. But I felt that, having taking in a few sips, I could stop worrying about dehydrating for a while. Still, for the three or so hours that I was really high, I kept worrying about water. I should have brought a bottle with me. Everywhere I went, I kept looking for water to make sure I'd be OK.
669	3	a	But I loved the P-patch. I spent a long time there. Music.
670	3	a	Then I walked back down toward the water. I wasn't so very high, and I felt that I could stand being around people again. I walked and began to think about the people in my life. I had little imaginary chats with some of them, especially Elaine, Veronica, Claire, and my Dad. You know, I got my Dad a Father's Day card that said this: 'Dad, you're one of a kind!' Then inside, 'So if I turned out a little unusual, it's partly your fault!' Actually, it didn't say 'fault', it said something gentler than that, but I can't remember what it was. When I saw it I decided to buy it immediately. But as I was standing in the checkout line I had second thoughts. I thought it just might make my Dad feel bad. But I bought it and sent it anyway. So yesterday I had this imaginary conversation with my Dad, and I said, 'Dad, I didn't buy that card, you bought it! Why did you buy me such a crappy Father's Day card?'
671	3	a	Most of my thoughts about other people centered on the idea that I'm always taking responsibility for their feelings. I kept trying to turn that idea around. I said to Claire, 'Claire, what do you want from me? What are you trying to do to me?' Because mostly when I see people getting attracted to me, I think about how I'm doing them a disservice, and that's how I've been thinking about Claire.
672	3	a	But I didn't really get anywhere with this line of thought. I mean, I entertained myself by talking to all these people and giving them responsibility for things, but I wanted some insight, and I didn't get any. And then, this morning, I found my mind stuck in that rut, the rut of trying to figure out who's responsible in all my relationships. By this morning it wasn't entertaining anymore, it was boring and frustrating.
673	3	a	But yesterday it was at least entertaining. I thought of all the important people in my life and felt overwhelmed with them. I tried to imagine all of them (you included, Sandy) walking with me, or standing in a circle around me, and I couldn't do it. I could take them on only one at a time. I never had a long chat with you.
674	3	a	I thought about my future housemate, Heidi. I realized that I hadn't yet told you that I'm moving in with her. I felt that she and I were somehow destined to share the next part of our lives. And I felt how very scared I was at the prospect of moving in with someone new. I had a little chat with Heidi about it. What an intimate thing, to live with someone. I thought about how intimate it has been to live with Ron and Pat for 4-1/2 years. I've seen so much of their lives and of their marriage. I wonder sometimes if they'd like to hear what I've observed. I could maybe tell Ron.
675	3	a	Around twilight I found myself in the P-patch for the third time. I decided it was time to head home. I could feel that I was well on my way down. But I was still too high to concentrate on my bearings. I walked south from Colman Park, instead of north. This morning it seems so ridiculous, because this house is just one block north of the P-patch. But I walked probably 1/2 mile south. Not just once, but three times. I walked in a big circle three times! Can you imagine? By the third time I was afraid that people would notice what I was doing and start to worry about my sanity. I was down enough that I was starting to feel cold and tired. Finally I figured out how to get home.
676	3	a	I didn't think that I wanted to listen to my voice mail messages, but when I did, I found that I really enjoyed hearing people's voices. I tried calling a couple people back, but no answer. I got a bottle of Gatorade from the fridge, went to the upstairs bedroom, opened the window, pulled up the rocking chair, and rocked and sipped for a long time. It was hard to drink, but I felt sure that I needed to replenish my electrolytes. When I'm on Ecstasy I never feel like consuming anything, food or drink. It was by now 9:30. I took a warm shower, called the cat back in, worried that he wasn't answering, decided to sleep with the back door open so he could get in and out, and climbed into bed. Eddie came and snuggled with me after a while.
677	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
678	3	a	My wife & I had been married 18 months. This was our first year experimenting with MDMA/E, after our first 20 sessions we decided to slow down. We went on holiday for two weeks, chilled out and returned refreshed. A big change in our lives occurred when we returned from our holiday, we moved to the other end of the country, away from all our friends and the places where we had grown up. 
679	3	a	The move was a very positive one, we settled in quickly and felt that since we knew almost nobody this would give us plenty of time alone. Pretty soon we began to require a nudge back to our spiritual path; for us the usage of psychoactives is a very spiritual experience.
680	3	a	We located a source from where to purchase our substances and one Friday night we settled down to undertake our first journey in some 3 months.
681	3	a	After approximately an hour, we were both pretty high, we then realised that we had run out of chewing gum; what followed next was to change my perception of so called reality for ever. We walked to the local shop, purchased our chewing gum without anything significant to report, then on the return journey back home, we were walking through the local park, when I was confronted by a vision, a simple vision, a man sat behind a desk in an office. It could have been anyone in a million people. Reasons, theories and explanations flooded my mind, why was this man here appearing to me? I wondered. 
682	3	a	We walked on and more people appeared to me, the trees were speaking and the earth was communicating, I felt alive in the most wonderful sense; I was at one with the Otherworld of the spirits and at one with the Earth.
683	3	a	Realisation smashed my face, I understood the visions, the communications; I knew why I was witnessing these wonders. I had transcended the constraints imposed by thousands of years of dominator culture on my brain and was able to access the most basic of all human functions, spirituality. These people who appeared to me were simply people functioning, their thoughts were embedded in the space that I was walking through, and I could access this simply through letting go. I had not realised that I had 'let go' but I had.
684	3	a	I relayed this information to my wife, she seemed pleased that I had received affirmation of my faith in my beliefs. She then informed me that I had been conversing with someone other than her whilst we were stood in the silence of the early morning air. Who it was I have yet to find out, but I now know that I can access the sane part of my brain, that anybody can. I now have to learn to control it.
685	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
686	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Glowing Experiences (4), General (1)
687	3	a	• Abstinence from MDMA crystal previously---8 days.
688	3	a	• `Straight' (anti-recreational drug taking) housemates, unfortunately.
689	3	a	• T+00:00---160 mg parachute (I am fairly tall and slightly chubby).
690	3	a	• I was attempting to drink a cup-of-soup ('reconstituted dried drink') quickly before the effects kick in (especially the pupil dilation).
691	3	a	• I was talking to my housemate about various aspects of the househunting fiasco we were recently going through.
692	3	a	• Whilst doing this, I started to feel as if I was about to start shivering and chattering my teeth I started to feel as if I was about to start shivering and chattering my teeth with swirling carpets (the hard come-up). There were some spinal rushes and generally a warm feeling throughout my body.
693	3	a	"• I made a swift exit, hurrying the conversation, saying that I was ""knackered'' (tired) but was going to have a shower before bed."
694	3	a	• The shower felt amazing. The mentholated element of the shower gel tingled all over, so I left it there as long as possible before washing off. It was quite overwhelming, akin to a full-body orgasm---I managed to stifle any verbal signals to that effect.
695	3	a	• T+01:25---weighed out a booster dose even though I was high as a kite.
696	3	a	• I felt the desire to be naked, and stripped off accordingly---this I can only explain as I was comfortable with myself, and enjoyed the natural feeling of not covering up my natural form. When I looked down ... Wow ... I discovered that yes, one's penis does shrink substantially on this drug.
697	3	a	• Loosely clothed myself (jogging bottoms no underwear and t-shirt). 1 Cigarette was smoked. Incredibly realistic visuals. Not just `noise' but actual letters, in some form of ancient script would ebb and flow gradually in focus, gradually out of focus on the opposite wall---as if being projected from somewhere, make of that what you will. Then similar visual disturbances appeared---the edges of some kind of blueprints for some kind of complex machinery. I wish I had a notepad handy with me to scribble down some sketches, because---disturbance or not---the forms were interesting, complex and mechanistic. I originally considered MDMA an entactogen/stimulant, but these effects would definitely be described as mild hallucinations---noticable and real, but translucent/hazy and elusive upon direct focus.
698	3	a	• Luckily by the time I went downstairs to smoke outside the back, everyone was fast asleep in bed. My appearance of intoxication would have been blatant and very apparent to a third person. (Jaw clenching and generally gurning).
699	3	a	"• Numerous parachutes of similar dosage over the course of the next few hours. I didn't consider how much I had consumed, I just thought to myself ""this is a good idea"". Maybe this wasn't the best plan. I just thought to myself ""this is a good idea"". Maybe this wasn't the best plan. "
700	3	a	• Each time I went downstairs and out of the back door for a cigarette, there would be some kind of visual activity manifesting. On the last occasion (approx. 05:50 in the early morning, I saw the queerest thing I have ever seen. At first, I just thought that one of my housemates was sitting on the chair eating breakfast, but then behind him (on the wall behind me) I noticed a pair of white overalls melting down the wall behind me. I realise that in hindsight, it would have been impossible to see a reflection of that wall in the cabinets anyway, but I kept comparing the two places where I perceived this phenomena to be taking place. They looked to me absolutely real and mirrors of one another. The figure 'zoomed out' after melting to reveal a characteristic photo of a sailor at sea posing next to the big artillary cannons (possibly Falklands uniform, I'm unsure). Literally tripping, which was unexpected from my previous experiences with various ecstasy pills.
701	3	a	• Bearing in mind that I still believed my housemate to be still at the table, eating breakfast, I also saw a huge plasma TV playing 'Match of the Day II'' (a common british football [soccer] week summary show) in the background reflected (even though I was utterly shocked when I came back in and he wasn't there and there was no TV either. The reflections were so vivid though, until they morphed into various amusing visual displays upon focusing elsewhere.
702	3	a	• There were a number of recurring visual disturbances while on MDMA. The first was some kind of jelly matrix---which appeared to be an organism---it was approximately 1 metre long by a half metre wide, with 3D equally spaced and ruled out lines through the organism. It always seemed to be doing something, like breathing. Anyway, the Y-coordinate (up and down with respect to front view) of the top surface of the organism was pulsating like Einstein's vision of the space-time field being dilated by a massive gravity, but constantly shifting from gravity to no gravity (imagine a pencil pressing against and away from a rubber sheet). This image disappeared relatively quickly and was observed again variable in size as it just happened to be where I was at the time...
703	3	a	• I found that colour one of the subtle changes in perception, usually in the pastille colour pallete, e.g. (usually often just one eye affected, sometimes both but in zebra pattern or strange variations of distortion) somewhat from when I looked at them sober. Like a slight print in a large font behind any on-screen text in a light orange colour. While I am on the subject of text, I noticed something that I had never considered important---and that is the pattern created by whitespaces between on-screen text. It seemed incredibly fascinating to me at the time, and somewhat profound. This chemical obviously depresses areas of the brain which deal with supression of abstract thinking, which is why I think it may have some role in creativity.
704	3	a	• Another subtle change which caught me off guard a number of times is the feeling that there was something moving or another person nearby to me in my peripheral vision, even conversing with me. I even said responses to questions they had asked, and then became slightly embarrassed that my housemates may have heard that I was having a conversation with myself (strictly speaking another entity). I have heard that this is a trademark effect of various psychedelics---that peripheral vision is where a lot of the 'magic' can happen.
705	3	a	• Some similarities with the infamous patterns moving all along the floor and up the wall from 'Fear And Loathing In Las Vegas'. sometimes pulsating tiles of pattern or swirling on the surface itself, such as Yin-Yang or weather systems on satellite imagery pervaded this whole experience.
706	3	a	• Please note in mind that I may be particularly susceptible to positive 'psychotic' symptoms than others. I have been categorised as having a schizotypical personality trait I have been categorised as having a schizotypical personality trait, and I suspect some aspects of mild schizophrenia --- which do not impact on my life in any significant way, so there is no functional problems.
707	3	a	• My experience, high purity with no active adulterants, no BZP/TFMPP or any of those comparatively dangerous adulterants, just fairly high purity MDMA (BIG crystals, hardly any powder) purchased from a reliable source. It is expensive for a gram, but worth it. Using heavily like this with little outlet for all this creative energy, I ended up using FB  for most of the time I was high, which can probably be disasterous if in the wrong state of mind. Luckily, I was in a really good mood and found myself interacting in a positive but fully open and trusting manner. This would be an area to use caution with these 'drugs'. They lower my inhibitions to the extent that I can end up revealing intimate details about my personality. But then, after consideration, if I am being honest and open, only good can come of it.
708	3	a	• I was also able to go through 1.06 g in total over around a 12 hour period. I wouldn't recommend redosing more than once, as I am set for a really low couple of days. And besides, I've heard there's a ceiling effect dose which is relatively low, depending on the consumer's constitution. Maybe I will do the bare minimum next time, and go out to a dance venue rather than staying in and attempting to melt my mental faculties.
709	3	a	• Overall, an experience that I would not repeat or recommend---when there are more potent and direct ways to explore the psychedelic field. Definitely a setting with good people who do not object to a shared experience in which conversations or topics may increase their ability to communicate with one another on an intimate level.
710	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
711	3	a	"This was my 3rd experience with MDMA. 8-12 hours before body tension and tirelessness were totally gone, and though I consider the experience to have been positive, the ""speedy"" effects were a little too intense for comfort."
712	3	a	This experience took place in my apartment on a Saturday in the late fall. It was my first solo roll. Preparations included a light lunch and a few hours of reading and meditation for calm. It was my first solo roll. Preparations included a light lunch and a few hours of reading and meditation for calm. 
713	3	a	My annotations are in [square brackets]. They tend to better reflect my baseline headspace than the text itself.
714	3	a	Can't tell if stomach butterflies are come-up or placebo.
715	3	a	Feeling energetic and uplifted, though not extraordinarily so. Almost feels like a simple exercise high, but stretching flows like it usually does not.
716	3	a	Temperature regulation is off. Sweating profusely, even though the exercise is light. Walking feels more like floating than usual. Thought about another bump, but realized it was foolish given how little time has passed. Heart rate elevated. Mood buoyant.
717	3	a	Shoulder and upper back tension, so present typically, is largely gone. Carrying on a much more lively IM conversation with M [friend and roommate, who was out of town for some time] than usual.
718	3	a	[I had been unable to find time to be alone. M and I shared a small apartment. I like some amount of time each day without social contact, and I wasn't getting it. I regret to say I was feeling drained and irritable and took it out on M, which he tolerated with remarkable stoicism.]
719	3	a	Feeling uplifted. Pupils dilated. Mouth is dry. Heightened sense of touch.
720	3	a	Turned music on. Slightly heightened awareness of it. Colors are brighter. Having a harder time writing legibly, or perhaps simply caring less.
721	3	a	Thinking of relationships, human connections. Lives playing out in parallel, woven together... I feel like M [M likes to journal in a style I think best described as loosely associative concept generation].
722	3	a	Could I ever convince my parents to try this? Could I ever convince my parents to try this? 
723	3	a	"[Such optimism! Drug use is a stressful and emotionally charged subject for my mom, and my dad defers to her, at least in her earshot. They once caught me with cannabis while I was home for a weekend (I try to keep my habits to myself); my mom was displeased and let me know it.  My dad was too, at least in person. A few days later he sent me a wordy email which reduced to to: ""We can't control what you do. Just don't be an idiot."" I hold out some hope that he may be more willing than he seems."
724	3	a	The following stream-of-consciousness came in fits and starts. I scrawled, practiced yoga, stretched, danced, writhed, laughed... all the time feeling overawed.]
725	3	a	Some people suffer without respite for their entire lives. Animals too [are we not animals?].
726	3	a	I will take the bus to work [I had been driving occasionally and feeling guilty about it].
727	3	a	People want happiness, and to feel like they are part of something good and important and righteous. This fact is often taken advantage of.
728	3	a	People tend to want to feel needed and appreciated.
729	3	a	I feel crystal clear (with a bit of short-term memory loss?).
730	3	a	I will not eat fast food on my way to and from work.
731	3	a	[I occasionally stopped for a bagel in the morning or a taco on the way back. I eat no meat and usually avoid animal products, though I am not vegan in the strictest sense. Nevertheless I was stricken with guilt with respect both to my body, for feeding it junk, and to the rest of the world, for yielding to yet another ecocidal force of modernity for a convenient snack. I now believe I did this to (literally) buy time alone. Time spent in public is often anonymous and can be radically solitary.]
732	3	a	"If I criticize someone, I will do it with empathy and mindfulness of their suffering. We are all wandering in an enigmatic world [""we live in a society"", nice]. Criticism is useful as a tool for improvement, but it's toxic when driven by ego."
733	3	a	I will compartmentalize my thoughts and my time. I will maintain a healthier diet, cook more, exercise more.
734	3	a	I will treat weed as a sacrament, not a crutch.
735	3	a	"[I use it regularly and have occasionally struggled not to abuse it. If I find myself ruminating, cannabis often can break the cycle, improving my mood, increasing my ability to empathize, and helping me focus. It offers me heightened spiritual awareness and enhanced perception. It is also habit-forming, and in retrospect I know I was failing at the time to remain mindful of my pattern of use: I treated it as an easy ""out"" of an uncomfortable situation. I believe cannabis has profoundly medicinal qualities. But I also believe I would have escaped this loop more quickly had I learned from the experience of the high, rather than using it as an escape.]"
736	3	a	Experiencing some short term memory loss. Peak is current or past. Wondering how I will process/internalize/manifest the consequences of this trip going forward. Wondering how I will process/internalize/manifest the consequences of this trip going forward. 
737	3	a	Certain things can be done to ease the suffering of others.
738	3	a	Deciding how to prioritize one's time is extremely difficult.
739	3	a	What can be changed with little extra time/effort?
740	3	a	What can be done with the application of considerable time/effort in the long run?
741	3	a	"	- Community resource-sharing/infrastructure-building"
742	3	a	Steadily coming down. Still more empathetic than usual. Energy diminishing. Very clear-minded. Hints of headache. Back hurts, but it always does.
743	3	a	I will learn to write/type without tensing my shoulders and causing myself unnecessary pain.
744	3	a	Urine is pretty clear. I successfully stayed hydrated!
745	3	a	I feel a compulsion to do something productive.
746	3	a	[This is not abnormal. I struggle daily with a deeply entrenched, Puritanical instinct to make myself useful. It interferes with my relationships and my health.]
747	3	a	Writing has been productive. I have gained perspective.
748	3	a	I will not feel sorry for myself. If I begin to feel downcast, angry, or resentful, I will simply observe the feeling. I will try to remain aware that it is a temporary state dependent on factors out of my control. It will pass, as all things do.
749	3	a	I will not allow myself to take advantage of others.
750	3	a	I will not seek to satisfy myself overmuch with:
751	3	a	"""I"" do not have ""needs"". There are conditions under which my body will live and conditions under which my body will die."
752	3	a	"That which is referred to by ""I"" cannot fully know itself, but it is intimately familiar with itself. It can recognize patterns within itself."
753	3	a	It feels pain, and imagines the pain of other beings like it. It is repelled and digusted by the idea of causing pain in other beings.
754	3	a	[This brings to mind Peter Watts' idea (explored at length in the Rifters trilogy) of a world in which we dose ourselves with drugs tailored for utilitarian altruism. What would happen if politicians/businessmen/police starting thinking like this? What would happen if we all did?]
755	3	a	Still jittery. Can't sit still for too long. Mild body load remains. Euphoria is largely gone, in favor of mildly empathic state of awareness of the profoundness of existence.
756	3	a	"Prepared and vaporized a bowl of stony indica [I realized after the fact that I did this precisely 4 hours and 20 minutes after dropping; amazing]. The introduction of cannabis seems to ""reawaken"" the roll."
757	3	a	Body load is enough to be slightly uncomfortable, but it's possible that I'm just prone to muscle tension. Constant energy/desire to move is back. Putting music on again.
758	3	a	"Cannabis evokes new psychedelia. Earlier was extremely introspective and euphoric, but it wasn't ""trippy"" - vision was brighter, sound was louder and clearer with a hint of extra-dimensionality, but remained subtle. Vision is now more vibrant, time is noticeably dilating in a way reminiscent of the ""waves"" of a psilocybin comedown."
759	3	a	Still fidgety and energetic. Body is becoming sore, either from prolonged load or physical activity. Cannabis high totally absent now. Much more clearheaded than is typical after having smoked. Tried programming [I do this for a living and as a hobby]. It didn't feel right, and I didn't want to sit down. Vaped another bowl, then ate a vegetable salad and drank a beer.
760	3	a	In bed, in the dark, listening to music through headphones. Music is great, but not quite like on LSD or psilocybin: not an altogether different, profound experience.
761	3	a	Thought I heard a knock on the door, so sat up. It was nothing, but there was a surreal moment in which the movement of the blinds over the window took on an unreal, animated, almost digital quality [I've experienced something like this before on LSD and large doses of cannabis].
762	3	a	[I slept extremely little that night, woke early, and did not feel like sleeping again until later the following afternoon.]
763	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
764	3	a	MDMA (3) : Alone (16), Combinations (3), General (1)
765	3	a	I have done MDMA a handful of times, but not in a long time... long before I ever heard the name 'Molly.'  I took ecstasy tabs a handful of times in high school, and I did half a tab about 3 years ago at a concert, but not since then.  
766	3	a	My boyfriend had never done it, but after hearing me describe my positive experiences with it (ecstasy was always my favorite drug and I've experimented with a variety of things) he acquired some Molly for us to do together.  Having been living out of the country and also having stayed away from the drug scene for a few years, I didn't know what Molly was, but I was told it was 'pure' MDMA in powder form not cut with the speed and 'other shit' found in ecstasy tabs.  Since I've overdosed on Adderall before, I'm a little wary of stimulants and no longer enjoy speedy/upper effects.  The idea of allegedly speed-free, pure MDMA was appealing. We decided to use it on a recent camping trip that we took (just the two of us and our three dogs). 
767	3	a	The Molly came as clear capsules with white powder in them.  I do not know the dosage or how many mg of powder was in the capsules, but I assume one cap was intended as one dose.  At my age (28), I know myself and my body and how sensitive I am... I'm a lightweight and drugs tend to have a stronger effect on me than they do on others.  Between this and the fact that my boyfriend had never done MDMA, we decided to split a capsule.  I twisted one open and emptied out the powder onto a clean piece of paper.  I used a credit card to divide the powder into two piles, as even and equal as possible.  I swept one pile off onto a second sheet of paper, for my boyfriend.  Using a crease in each piece of paper, we emptied the powder into our mouths and washed it down with a swig of water.  It tasted AWFUL... very bitter, metallic, burning... impossible to ingest without making a face in disgust, so I see why they put it in a capsule.  
768	3	a	We waited, eagerly.  In about 30 min, I felt vaguely buzzed, or more just relaxed.  It was an almost identical feeling to drinking a beer on an empty stomach (I told you I was a lightweight).  More relaxed and chill though, than alcohol, but similar.  It was definitely nothing like the intense physical euphoria of ecstasy I'd taken in the past.  My boyfriend said he felt a little 'different' but hardly noticeable (although he had smoked some weed a short while earlier so was already mildly stoned).  We waited another 30 min or maybe it was an hour, and nothing really changed.  Frustrated, we decided to take more.  I suggested we take an entire additional capsule each, but he thought we should just take another half each for now (and thank god for that!).
769	3	a	We split another capsule the same way, this time emptying as far back on the tongue/in the throat as possible (still pretty disgusting), so we each had consumed a total of one capsule each (but taken half a capsule at a time, spaced about 1 hr-1.5 hrs apart).  Within 20 min of taking the 2nd half, we were feeling much stronger effects Within 20 min of taking the 2nd half, we were feeling much stronger effects, but I suspect this was the first half peaking.  This is when it started to feel like MDMA as I remembered it.  I was no longer able to keep very good track of the time, but I'm pretty sure the 2nd half started peaking soon after, because things very quickly exploded into more intense effects.  
770	3	a	My mood was very elevated- content, extremely happy, but not hyper.  I felt chill and relaxed by default, but could easily excite myself as I experienced new sensations during different movements.  In that sense it didn't feel particularly more 'up' or 'down' in terms of stimulant/depressant effect... the trip just went with the flow of whatever I did or wanted, and either a more sedate or more excited side could come out.  
771	3	a	I did not hallucinate the way one would on psychedelics, but I did experience visual effects.  However, we did not take this until after dinnertime and we were camping, so it was very dark.  We had a lantern though and there were some reflective signs nearby, which had a halo/glowing effect.  From the lantern light I could see my surroundings enough to notice an extreme 3-dimensionality, much like watching a 3-d movie.  It really reminded me of looking at one of the magic-eye pictures- not at all the texture of those images, but just how 3-dimensional they look.  It was really intriguing, like there was so much physical space I wasn't seeing before, almost like there could be whole other dimensions folding back on themselves behind the trees, and that I just had to walk around them to see it.  There was just so much more depth to everything.  It also appeared as though I was at the center of everything.  By this I mean that it looked very very slightly as though the ground and trees and sky around me encircled me and ever so slightly folded in over me, if viewed from the side almost like a heart shape.  This was a very mild visual effect, but it gave me a pleasant sensation of being at the center of the entire world.  I also saw tracers on quickly moving objects.  Due to the darkness, I was unable to see if there was any effect on colors, and next time I plan to take Molly during the day so I don't miss this (as I anticipate there would be more intense colors).
772	3	a	The only auditory changes I noticed were a slight sensitivity to certain sounds.  Unfortunately we had no music, but when a Cliff Bar wrapper crinkled, it sounded so strange... so intense, crisp, colorful, and metalic... I could feel my eardrums (or maybe just my inner/middle ear muscles) flinching, the same way they do if you suddenly blast loud music that hurts your ears.  Even though I felt my ears flinch like this, it wasn't painful like loud music, but it was distinctly the same physical reaction... it was very strange.  It made me wish I had music, especially electronic music with interesting textures to it.
773	3	a	Physically I felt very euphoric, with heightened sense of touch and movement like stretching or walking felt extremely blissful and euphoric- like on the level of an orgasm (not that it felt sexual in any way, but it's the best comparison for the intensity of how good it felt).  It was different than my past experiences, where the physical euphoria came almost in waves, like a massage... this time it felt like I was hooked up to an electrical current of physical bliss, and the intensity could be turned up or down based on how much I was being touched or by how much I was moving.  Touching felt wonderful, but moving was simply indescribable... I became so excited about this amazing sensation that I grabbed by boyfriend's hand and insisted we walk down the hiking trail next to our campsite because I wanted him to see how amazing walking felt, and joyfully skipped with him over to the treailhead.  I became completely overjoyed and overwhelmed with how completely perfectly amazingly good I physically felt from walking... I became completely overjoyed and overwhelmed with how completely perfectly amazingly good I physically felt from walking... I couldn't believe it.  It was like the best sensation in the world, and I was in such pleasure-shock that I described it all loudly and gleefully to my boyfriend, unsure if he was experiencing this and somewhat in disbelief at how good it all felt.  'Oh my god it feels amazing! Just, walking... feels so GOOD!' I exclaimed things like this over and over, and with each step/movement the pleasure became more and more intense.  
774	3	a	We couldn't have gone more than 10 steps down the trail when the pleasure became more too intense and overwhelming.  Despite how good it felt, it was out of control.  I felt that I was beginning to lose my vision, and felt the intense pleasure was taking over my body and soon my mind.  I collapsed, unable to stand, and was convinced I was going to die.  'Please, help me, it's too strong, it's too strong, make it stop, it's too much...' I cried to my boyfriend and then warned him that I was going to pass out.  I was panicked and could not see, but could hear him assuring me it would be OK, coaching my breathing, could feel him rubbing my back, etc. and I was thinking 'god, I don't want to die but what a god damned pleasurable way to die... we should all be so lucky to die like this... but I don't want to die... why isn't he taking me to a hospital?'  
775	3	a	And suddenly I could see again, and I could stand again.  Convinced my boyfriend had saved my life and thrilled that I hadn't died, I was suddenly filled with joy again.  The panic was gone and I felt completely wonderful as I had a few minutes ago.  I decided that movement like walking was simply too great a pleasure for me to tolerate, and said I wanted to just lay down in the tent.  (The next day, my boyfriend told me that he had watched me hyperventilate myself from the excitement of how good walking felt, to the point of almost passing out.  The reason I suddenly felt perfectly fine again a few minutes after collapsing, was because he coaxed me into breathing normally again.)
776	3	a	We spent the rest of the trip in the tent, just laying down holding each other.  We squeezed each other, rubbed each other, made out, even had sex (although neither of us came anywhere near orgasming and were perfectly fine with that).  It was amazing.  I have never felt so close to another person.  When I first started peaking, my trip was more focused on my personal physical euphoria and I was more physically excited in a child-like joyous way... now in this intimate setting, the trip turned into the most intense bonding experience I have ever had.  It was like nothing else existed except the two of us in this little tent.  We kept saying how much we loved each other, over and over.  I couldn't tell him enough... I was desperate to convey to him how much I loved him, but nothing was good enough so I just kept saying stuff.  In hindsight it's funny to think about.  I told him, 'I love your hands, and your feet, and your legs, and your face, and your eyes, and the gap between your teeth....' etc... 'I never want this to end'... 'You are my everything, this is everything, we are everything... I love you love you love you more than anything...'  These were the types of things I said (and that he said, although I was more talkative than he was) over and over as we just embraced for hours.  At one point we noticed my dog sleeping on his back with a goofy grin.  We laughed at how silly he looked and rubbed our bare feet on his fuzzy belly, which felt so soft like velvet.  Everything felt so soft and wonderful... my boyfriend's skin and hair, kissing him, sex... but sex didn't feel so great in a sexual way, it was more in a non-sexual physical way (if that makes sense) and in an intensely deep emotional way.  Not to get too graphic, but when he was inside of me, it felt like his soul and heart were inside of mine, melded together as one.  It felt like all my chakras had been opened, but none so wide as my heart chakra.  I could literally feel the light and love spilling from my chest and emanating into the world.
777	3	a	I was extremely thirsty throughout the trip.  We went through a 3 L CamelBak between the two of us, although I drank way more than he did (at least 2 L if not more).  The water felt so smooth and amazing as it went down my throat too.  I was so fucked up I had no sense of how much I was or was not drinking, and knew that dehydration was a risk factor as well as water intoxification, so I kept telling my boyfriend to drink but to keep track of how much we were drinking (because I had no clue, and he was not affected as strongly by the Molly as I was).
778	3	a	Eventually I could feel the effects lessening, and we fell asleep probably 8 hrs after we took it.  Our sleep was not very good though... I had to get up to pee 7 times after drinking all that water!
779	3	a	The next day, I no longer felt any noticeable physical effects (maybe just barely more physically relaxed than usual), but my heart chakra still felt wide open.  I felt so so so so deeply in love with my boyfriend, so happy and content with the world, and so fondly of the human race.  The day after that, I suffered some depression but not in the way I am used to (I am bipolar so am familiar with severe and even suicidal depression).  It was more of an intense emotional and physical longing for my boyfriend.  When he had to go to work I cried because I couldn't bear to be apart from him.  I felt so utterly alone when he wasn't there, even though I knew I would see him in a few hours.  I couldn't focus or motivate myself to do anything.  I laid in bed most of the day, sad and missing him and feeling down on myself.  
780	3	a	The  third day my depression was gone but I can say that so far it seems this Molly trip has intensified my love for my boyfriend.  At least it has opened my mind and my heart to being more serious and committed in a way I couldn't be before doing the Molly.  It's wonderful... I am not sure if this will ware off, but it honestly feels like a permanent change.  I truly feel like I want to marry him and spend the rest of my life with him at this point.  It's not that Molly changed who either of us were, but it just opened my heart, made me more receptive to receiving what he has to give, and more accepting of myself.  I feel I have a bigger heart for the world as well, and just genuinely happier since we did it.
781	3	a	This was so intense, I'm not ready to do it again but I look forward to doing it again after some time passes.  I wouldn't mind taking a bit less... maybe 3/4 of what I took, because it was a bit out of my control.  I would have liked to exploit the extremely pleasurable physical sensation of walking/movement without overwhelming myself to the point of hyperventilation.  I think on a slightly lower dose this would be possible.  I also would rather do it during the day next time so I can experience the full range of visual effects, and lastly I would make sure to have a variety of interesting (especially electronic) music around.  
782	3	a	Overall, this was an absolutely wonderful, life-changing experience.  I've never heard anyone else describe MDMA trips changing their lives this much (and none of my past ones ever did), but it's similar to the spiritual changes I've heard others describe from psychedelic trips.
783	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
784	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Depression (15), Personal Preparation (45), Glowing Experiences (4), Small Group (2-9) (17)
785	3	a	Our relationship of 23-odd years was in crisis. The cause was mundane enough, and while our our momentum as a couple was enough to carry us through private silences and social noise-making for a time, there was a ripping sound in the ether that only the two of us could hear. Against all promises and predictions and vows, we were heading for divorce.
786	3	a	The effects of this gradual and frightful realization were excruciating. We'd been together since our teens, and had remained committed to each other, passionate, communicative, supportive; in love. Friends would use us as an example of the perfect relationship; we would, too. Hubris. There came a blunder that twisted our lives into new and painful shapes, and a void opened in the center of this idyll. The sense of loss, immediate and impending, was enormous. We spun through the days like electrons, never touching, never far from each other's orbit. Our momentum began to falter, with nothing to take its place. We'd had some golden times, but right then being us wasn't very nice. 
787	3	a	And the date of our wedding anniversary was approaching. 
788	3	a	It was time for some lateral thinking. I'd recently read an article about the therapeutic potential of ecstasy in the context of couples counseling. I'd taken pills a couple of times, but the reality had never matched the hype. I'd taken pills a couple of times, but the reality had never matched the hype. A slight, giddy joy and a pleasant, non-specific buzz for a couple of hours pretty much sums up those first encounters. My wife had tried the same second-rate pills; she was equally ambivalent about the whole ecstasy thing. There must be some good stuff out there, I reasoned (this wasn't entirely delusional in mid-2000) and I set out to find some.
789	3	a	By sheer luck – I was in the wrong age group, with no dealing connections and no real idea how to tell a good e from an aspirin – I succeeded. Not that I knew that at the time. The important thing then was that I'd found something to bring to our troubled table, something that should cheer us both up. With four small yellow pills in my possession, each stamped with some illegible script or design, I hatched my plan. I secretly booked a hotel room for us in a nearby country town, accumulated and stashed cool CDs, massage oil, candles, a few good buds. 
790	3	a	I told my wife that I had a surprise planned for the weekend of our anniversary. It would entail going away for a couple of days; I refused to tell her more. She glumly but readily agreed; it had to be better than sitting at home, moping and squabbling. We set off early in the morning, as cheerful as we'd been in a while, making an effort. It was a lovely autumn day, and the drive from Fremantle was exquisite. We managed to conjure up a sense of jovial excitement. (My wife confessed later that she thought we were going skydiving after we passed a roadside panel with a parachute painted on it.) 
791	3	a	We arrived late morning. We found the hotel – it was quaint enough, a simple room with a nice en-suite bathroom – checked-in, then discussed lunch. At this stage I had to reveal the surprise because eating a big meal before taking the pills would probably have been ill-advised. My wife was happier at the revelation than I had expected her to be (it may just have been relief that we weren't going skydiving). I slipped the pills into my wallet and we set off into town for a light snack. After a shared toasted sandwich and a glass of white wine, we checked to see no one was looking and necked our pills. Then we went for a walk around town. 
792	3	a	We were browsing in a dimly-lit second-hand shop about an hour later when I got a faint feeling of confusion and claustrophobia. I glanced at my wife and saw instantly that she was feeling it too. We left the shop, pale and woozy, and stepped into the afternoon sunshine. The sun was its own tonic and we became aware, now in a positive way, that something very interesting was unfolding in our bloodstreams. Excited, intrigued by anything and everything, we wandered the streets. We stopped to sit or lie down in comfortable-looking spots, sunlit tufts of grass, an old sofa someone was throwing out, a smooth rock. We peered innocently into gardens and windows and strangers' faces to see what we could discover there. Down by the creek, two young Aboriginal girls were playing in knee-deep water, giggling and shrieking. We stopped for a moment to chat with them. The words flowed easily, with no tension or self-consciousness. All four of us were laughing when we parted. “It's working,” breathed my wife, a lovely smile on her face, her eyes alight. There was a delightful, nape-hairs-on-end feeling of excitement, coupled with a growing sense of inner joy. “It's working,” I grinned back. 
793	3	a	We walked on, delighted by the town's understated storybook charm; people we passed assumed a slightly gnomish appearance; colours were wildflower vivid, chirruping lorikeets little flying gems and jewels. Views of the hills appeared in the gaps between buildings, secret slivers of some withheld miracle impatient to share itself. And all the while, a mounting sense of thrilling joy and anticipation: this was nothing like the other pills we had taken. We were barrelling down the runway hand-in-hand, clear for take-off.
794	3	a	We dragged each other along, skipping and giggling and chatting, free and joyful in a glowing wonderworld. For the first time in ages, our attention was outward-looking. We were aware of things, people, found ourselves sensitive to emotions that had nothing to do with us. We were suddenly aware of each other as man and woman, as lifelong friends, as lovers. We seemed to reach little climax moments at the same instant and vocalize them in the same breath, synchronistic revelations. 
795	3	a	My wife suddenly grabbed my arm and yelped in delight: “I'd forgotten – we have a hotel room waiting for us!”
796	3	a	Oh wow! The hotel room! The bath I'd insisted on when I made the booking, ready to be filled with piping hot water – now, as the first chill of late afternoon slithered up our sleeves and down our collars! The cool CDs were lined up and ready to play. Massage oil and candles. Oh wow... We almost ran back, criss-crossing the narrow streets, enjoying the transient tension of being unable to find our way home. (The town is tiny; it didn't take long.) While the outside world had lost none of its magical glow, the possibilities contained in our room – intimacy, touch, communication, music, warm water and nudity – were almost too delicious to comprehend. We could do this; we could just go back to our hotel room, and... do whatever we wanted. It was wonderful. We'd been dragging our problem around like a rotting carcass for the past few months, barely able to address it aloud, totally unable to stop chewing it over in our heads. Now it was dealt with in a few insightful, compassionate sentences while we placed candles around the  filling bath. Pain dissipated into the steam; and then we sank into the full-body orgasm of deep, warm water. 
797	3	a	We returned to The Problem a few times over that afternoon, but never with bitterness; it never became a major focus of our conversation. It just slotted in here and there, along with a sharing of memories, thoughts on life and the afterlife, observations, realizations, revelations, intimacies, spontaneous prose, laughter, tears. There were many periods of wordless bliss, a simple, holy silence in which breathing sounds like a hymn. We washed each other's bodies, touched, kissed; we cuddled and nuzzled in the bed; we gave each other a massage. We made love. It was beautiful.
798	3	a	For the next five or six hours we had not a care in the world, only interesting concepts and challenges which could be turned over like puzzles and looked at from different angles. We topped the bath up with hot and climbed back in. We writhed with pleasure at certain songs and albums (Talvin Singh really did it for us that afternoon and evening). When the ecstasy's effects started to wane we smoked a bowl, which kicked things back up a few notches. When we started to come down for real, we redosed with another half pill each. Perfection for a few hours more. 
799	3	a	The eventual come-down was painless, more afterglow than anything. We gently re-entered our daily lives, wary and tender, afraid the remaining strands of wellbeing would disappear. We found instead the gradual development of new confidence, self-respect and mutual appreciation. For a few days, a single toke of cannabis would bring back hints of that ecstatic feeling.
800	3	a	So did ecstasy repair our broken relationship? The answer is, perhaps predictably, Yes and No. We eventually divorced, but only after months of “trying” and, now and again, succeeding. With the passage of time came more traumatic actings-out, confrontations, anger, accusation and remorse. The tangible benefits of ecstasy didn't last, and The Problem hadn't gone away. But at least when we finally did split, we were to some degree prepared.  The tangible benefits of ecstasy didn't last, and The Problem hadn't gone away. But at least when we finally did split, we were to some degree prepared. We had begun to grow in the ways that would allow each of us to embrace new lives, loves and adventures – for ourselves, and for the other.
801	3	a	The healing potential of MDMA is enormous, its illegality absurd and sad. I must note, though, that subsequent attempts to repeat these beatific experiences failed, and with diminishing returns. Whether that's to do with repeated dosing or the diminishing quality of commercially available ecstasy is hard to ascertain. 
802	3	a	That weekend remains one of my most beautiful and treasured memories of a long, weird and wonderful relationship that spanned decades, countries and continents.
803	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
804	3	a	MDMA (3) : Glowing Experiences (4), Personal Preparation (45), Therapeutic Intent or Outcome (49), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
805	3	a	My life has been a series of unfortunate happenings. Growing up gay, family abuse, divorce, depression and self-pity followed. I had no previous experience with any drugs, more, I was telling myself over and over again, never ever to 'pollute' my body with anything else than healthy food.
806	3	a	My senior year in high school, my depression creeped in a powerful way. Days became gray and monotonous. Life became lackluster. There was nothing that could keep me from having suicidal thoughts,... Pressure that my parents were inflicting on me, not being able to find myself and show my true nature to people who once I thought I loved took a deep toll on my psyche. It lasted for a year. There was no love in my life, nothing sort of it.
807	3	a	My first experience with E was by accident. I got it from a transfer student during my last year of high school. I did not anticipate anything special from taking it. After doing 'some' research, I thought it will give me some nice visuals so I would be able to take my mind off things. I took one pill that March night, when winter was still in the air, sitting calmly on my bed, watching the city lights, and listening to some cheesy trance music. I was afraid, everything I read on the net screamed 'DONT take it!, you'll get hot and you'll die', I was frankly, paranoid. I tried dancing a little, but that was not what my body really wanted, it seemed fake. I could feel a little bit tipsy,....., but nothing besides that. I recon now, that it may have been caused by paranoia,.....or solitude that I had gotten so used to.
808	3	a	My real life started after my parents kicked me out their house. Graceful day opened my life to a new level. New friends, connections, social scene. NOT feeling alone. Throughout that year, I met a person who would be there for every enlightening experience of my life that I would have. F introduced me to E again, after I banned it, and claimed that it simply 'does not work for me', .....It was a hot day in a small fishing village, off from work, I decided to use the pill, take my sun umbrella and wander off to the beach. Still anxious, I followed to the dunes, spreading out my sheat on hot sand. I looked over the horizon, the sun was still in the sky changing its colors to glowing orange. E started to kick in, feelings of euphoria and contentment were elusive and I could grasp them for the first time in my life. But there was something missing,...Human touch. I reached for my cell phone, called F, to find out that he was at the beach all day, and was coming towards where I was layed down.
809	3	a	I relaxed and watched the sunset. He came with a smile on his face, knowing that I was on. For the first time we hugged, and enjoyed each other's presence,.
810	3	a	I picked myself up, and layed on the still hot sand, feeling the earth, embracing it, rooting my being in it, I started to cry. All the sad emotions and experiences of my life, poured down in sobs that drowned in the sand. I felt free, for the first time in my life, free to go and do anything I want, free to live my life anyhow I want, free to express my emotions freely. I started to cry. All the sad emotions and experiences of my life, poured down in sobs that drowned in the sand. I felt free, for the first time in my life, free to go and do anything I want, free to live my life anyhow I want, free to express my emotions freely. Urge, of having my being cleansed of all those murky dark feelings was topped with submerging myself into cool ocean water. It felt like I was being baptized again, reborn to live in a new brave world. We spent that day together, watching the sunset, and talking about the most immersed emotions and feelings. Never have I felt so free and liberated as I did that one day at the beach. E helped me lose my baggage that I was carrying even though I wasn't aware of it. Opened my heart and sould to a new level of compassionate loving towards other beings. Next day, I felt like people were looking at me with a magnifiyng glass, or being just happy that I was back in my shoes again, never before so stable and grounded. Love was and is still pouring out of my heart to everyone in need. I cannot simply estimate how beneficial E has been in my life. If I hadn't tried it, I would have still been in that same dark rut from which I emerged. I cannot simply estimate how beneficial E has been in my life. If I hadn't tried it, I would have still been in that same dark rut from which I emerged. I can't say anything more or less. Love and freedom go in pairs.
811	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
812	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Retrospective / Summary (11), Glowing Experiences (4), Depression (15), Therapeutic Intent or Outcome (49), Various (28)
813	3	a	So first of all, I am a graduate student in Washington in a organic chemistry department. I am now in my 7th year and will hopefully be getting my Ph.D next year. So I have a lot of experience in synthesizing complex compounds.
814	3	a	As part of a research experiment, the professor whom I was studying under wanted to research the link between habitual MDMA usage and the social interactions of ferrets. So with about 3 grams of MDMA within my reach, I thought no one would notice if I helped myself to a small amount. It's been about 6 years since I have done any hard drugs so I am going to record everything as it is taking place.  I have prepared about 150mg in a capsule.
815	3	a	T+0:00 - I take the MDMA with 1 liter of water on an empty stomach for maximum results.
816	3	a	T+0:30 - Ecstasy that I had taken in the past would usually have started kicking in by now, but I am not yet feeling anything.
817	3	a	T+1:00 - I am still not feeling anything, I am starting to become a little skeptical.
818	3	a	T+1:30 - I am starting to get a little frustrated that it is not kicking in yet. I kind of feel like I drank a cup of coffee, but this was probably a placebo effect. I decide to smoke a little marijuana that I had obtained to take the edge off.
819	3	a	T+1:45 - Here we go, I think a little weed gave me a jump start into the roll. I put on some really good techno that I had (Infected Mushroom) to help bring up my roll.
820	3	a	T+2:00 - This is definitely different than street ecstasy that I have had in the past. It doesn't feel really speedy, but I feel REALLY euphoric. I was actually able to sit down on my couch and really relax. I decide to put on some really mellow instrumental music (Explosions in the Sky). I don't really feel like getting up and running around, I feel like I just want to chill.
821	3	a	T+2:30 - I have gotten my hookah assembled and burning. The tobacco seems to calm my thoughts but I am definitely rolling HARD. My thoughts feel very focused and clear. I swear that this is the best E that I have ever had, EVER! My god, I don't feel like I am out of control like I used to. I swear this is the happiest I have ever felt.
822	3	a	T+3:30 - I am still listening to the same music, I feel like it pulsing though me. I feel every note move through me and it is if I am one with the music.
823	3	a	T+4:00 - I need something else to do besides hanging out on my couch listing to music. It's all that I have been doing for the last 2 hours. I think I am going to play GTA San Andreas because I can run around doing whatever I feel like.
824	3	a	T+6:00 - Man, the last 2 hours have flew by. I guess that's easy to do with that game especially when you are rolling. I still don't feel like I am coming down yet but my jaw is starting to get sore from me grinding my teeth.
825	3	a	T+8:00 - God, this just won't stop. I still feel like I did 4 hours ago. I am actually starting to feel tired. I am going to fire up my Hookah again because it helped me relax before.
826	3	a	T+9:00 - I am done with my hookah and I cleaned up around the house. I am FINALLY starting to come down. I am actually glad it's stopping, which is weird because every other time that I have done E, I am usually devastated that it's over and now I am going to try and fall asleep.
827	3	a	T+18:00 - Man I slept like a baby. It only took me about 15 minutes to fall asleep despite the fact that I could still feel the roll. I don't even feel like shit right now like I normally do. I usually am really depressed the next day and I feel just fine right now. I don't think I could sit down and work on my dissertation or anything, but I don't feel empty and sad.
828	3	a	Final Thoughts: MDMA by itself is not speedy, at least that's how it was for me. Everyone is different and anyone else could have had different reactions to this drug. But based on what I have experienced before, pure MDMA takes a little while to kick in and lasts around 8 hours. It also doesn't really get me hyper and speedy. I can also think without my thoughts racing. I think that it is a shame that most E is not pure MDMA. It is usually a mix of MDA, MDE, and methamphetamine and about half of it out there has some MDMA in it, but I really will almost never find pure stuff unless I am lucky enough again.
829	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
830	3	a	MDMA (3) : Music Discussion (22), Glowing Experiences (4), General (1), Alone (16)
831	3	a	My sister and I are not regular users but we like to take ecstasy and MDMA occasionally if attending a big gig. We went to Daft Punk this Summer 06 and made efforts to source some of either of the above for the big event - however, there was a shortage of traditional pills and MDMA powder and our supplier gave us MDMA which was in crystal rock form. It was broken up, dusty pale brown colour, some of the pieces were quite big. It had the distinctive taste of MDMA (which reassured us as we had not seen it like that before).
832	3	a	On the night, we didn't take any until we got to the concert. We started taking it at about 8.10pm with a view to being high for DP at 9ish. Our initial attempts were awkward as it was difficult to get many of the crystals on our fingers. We eventually managed to consume about 1/4 gram each over a period of about 20mins. We experienced an amazing high and the concert was great. I won’t describe it in detail as it seemed at the time fairly standard. Feeling great, lot of dancing etc. it seemed at the time fairly standard. Feeling great, lot of dancing etc. It is not really the point of this narrative however. 
833	3	a	Afterwards, we went into town and at about 11.30pm took the rest of the MDMA - another 1/4 gram or so each. 
834	3	a	I should mention, my sister is a good deal slighter than I at about 8st and she did not experience the side effects that I did. I am also older at 32 to her 27.
835	3	a	I first noticed the hallucinations (though I did not realise that is what they were at the time) at about 1am – I was alone, feeling generally good. I had come down from the peak and was tired. I was waiting for my sister to come back from the ladies. There were pictures being shown on the big screen in the club and I was watching those while leaning against a wall. I suddenly noticed a pipe of some kind on the ceiling and what I thought was a spinning wheel on the pipe which I thought was flashing the pictures on the screen. Was not disturbed as had a rational explanation for what I saw. I am a type that likes to know how things work. When my sister returned I went to show it to her but it was gone. There was clearly nothing there but a pipe. I was puzzled but not unduly concerned. 
836	3	a	As the night went on, I became increasingly aware that I was somehow out of kilter with my surroundings. I should mention that I did not realise for a long time what was actually happening. I have never taken acid as the thought of hallucinations does not appeal to me at all. From other people, I thought hallucinations were kind of cartoonish and surreal. What I was experiencing was not like that but looked absolutely real. I was slow to tell my sister as I did not want her to think I was not coping however, I was getting more and more uneasy and puzzled. I was increasingly afraid I was going to have a panic attack. 
837	3	a	It gradually got worse. We were in territory that is very familiar to us, however, as we were going home (hazy on time now, think it was about 2.30 as club was not over), we went round a corner, very near my workplace, which I am completely familiar with, and I did a double take. There was a booth, lit up and glowing blue in the middle of the traffic intersection which was an elaborate ATM. I had never seen it before. I exclaimed loudly and pointed it out to my sister – she was of course baffled – I looked again it was gone. I still did not say to her what was happening. However, on the journey home in the taxi it was becoming apparent to her as I constantly questioned where we were and was difficult to reassure. When we got home, she took off her shoes and I saw that underneath her converse boots she had even more elaborate converse boots in a herringbone pattern, blue and red. Of course I asked her where she got them. It was at that point that we realised I was actually seeing things. Once I knew that was what was going on it was easier to cope. we realised I was actually seeing things. Once I knew that was what was going on it was easier to cope. 
838	3	a	The hallucinations were very real. They didn’t go away when I looked closer at them but seemed to grow only more real. They usually disappeared if I looked away. They were also quite organic. My sister has freckles, and as we talked they would get darker and darker until it looked like her face was heavily stained with ink spots. Her hair, head and nose also kept changing shape as I talked her. At one point she had glasses. At one point there was also a man sitting in the room with us. He was threatening, just very real. 
839	3	a	My sister stayed up with me as I tried to sit it out. I was difficult to talk to as I kept losing track of the conversation what with watching for the hallucinations and looking at them. I was edgy and twitchy. I thought if I was alert enough they would stop. But it nearly always took me a few seconds to realise each new hallucination was just that, a hallucination. It was very tiring. Eventually they seemed to subside, were smaller and less frequent.  The realistic people/items were gone and replace by a small red haze, it looked like a haze of red droplets. At that point we went to bed. It was about 4.30am. 
840	3	a	The major hallucinations were gone the next day, however, I have experienced afterwards an uncertainty about what I see. I have occasionally seen something that is not there. I am not sure if this is a residue of the drug or simply my now being aware that my eyes are not always reliable and that there are other possibilities for shapes that I see everyday. It is very disconcerting. I last experienced such a moment about 3wks ago when I saw a boy who had a green hat on, a maroon t-shirt and a green long sleeve t-shirt underneath and thought I was seeing the incredible hulk. These moments are very fleeting but they make me uneasy and I tend to worry over them in my mind. 
841	3	a	My sister and I are very careful with our drug use and are not really part of a big group with whom we can discuss my experience. I hope my experience informs others. I am just glad it does not appear to be long lasting.
842	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
843	3	a	MDMA (3) : Various (28), Post Trip Problems (8), Train Wrecks & Trip Disasters (7), General (1)
844	3	a	Previous drug experiences in case you’d like to know: Cannabis, alcohol, nicotine, adderall, ritalin, cocaine, LSD, mushrooms, 25i-NBOMe, gabapentin, valium, xanax, klonopin, etizolam, hydrocodone, oxycodone, methadone, heroin
845	3	a	My first impression of Ecstasy was incredibly positive. It was simply amazing. In my opinion, it definitely has therapeutic potential, which has been a hot topic in the medical community recently. In the weeks before this experience I had been feeling dull, isolated from friends, and occasionally depressed. I knew I was in need of some serious healing. Most of my depression revolved around control and moderation issues with drugs, so I did not expect or intend to have a mind blowing or enlightening experience with yet another drug. I did, however, spend approximately 10 minutes of the experience thinking to myself about these issues and did come to some valuable insights and conclusions, and in the following days have felt more positive, optimistic, and motivated.
846	3	a	These are my original notes at the time of the experience. I have added more words in the days after to make it an easier read, because my notes became increasingly spastic as time went on. The setting was my flat in the summer, with my roommate who had also agreed to take half of the pill. We are friends and have been hanging out pretty much non-stop for the last few months since we got used to each other.
847	3	a	I procured a 200mg MDMA tablet from a popular and reliable vendor on the dark web. At 6:30pm I brought the pill out and attempted to split it in half. It did have an indentation but was home-pressed and crumbled during my attempt. Before I split the pill however I weighed it out at 0.57g. Half of that number is 0.285, but we were left with two piles that weighed 0.26g and 0.31g. I weigh 130lbs (and have a fast metabolism) and my roommate weighs 160, so I let him have the larger share. I read that most people have a sweet spot with ecstasy, and will not need more than a certain amount once they have figured out their personal dose. I was confident that the estimated 90mg pill pile would give me the full experience. I have always been incredibly sensitive to changes in my body and require very little of any drug to experience strong effects.
848	3	a	00:00 - Ingested approximately half a '200mg' purple Kentucky pill, which I estimate to have really been 90mg, then took a shower.
849	3	a	00:15 - I get out of the shower, put some loose-fitting clothes on, come back out into the main room and sit down. I am feeling slightly better, noting pleasant bodily sensations such as warm skin and soft clothes, but they are only slightly more pronounced than baseline, and could be a placebo.
850	3	a	00:20 - I am definitely feeling positive and optimistic, more so than baseline, and can sense that I am having a mood lift which feels drug-induced. I am calm and complacent. A random pang of anxiety that would normally have lasted longer for me was washed away quickly.
851	3	a	00:25 - Felt a tiny wave of euphoria that was definitely different than anything I have felt during a sober and euphoric state. Feels like the gears of the MDMA are beginning to spin. Got up to walk around my apartment and quite enjoyed the feeling of the carpet and tile floors, like how they feel much different from one another. Feeling a slight tightness in my stomach as well.
852	3	a	00:30 - Something is happening. I feel slightly more alert, and when I walk I feel like I weigh less. My movements are flowing much more nicely.
853	3	a	00:40 - GOOD. Oh, I definitely feel good. I definitely feel good. My body is warm. The launch is starting. Mouth dry. My headspace is slightly more dissociated.
854	3	a	00:45 - I am enjoying walking around my apartment and am starting to sway left and right as I type these words. The cold air from the AC feels very distinct when it hits my body. My roommate is playing slower paced music which I do not mind but can tell I will definitely be interested in listening to fast-paced stuff later. My body temperature has definitely increased and I am sweating very slightly simply from slow left/right rocking motions. I am definitely feeling the ecstasy now. Every point on my body that sends signals back to my brain feels more 'saturated'. It is somewhat comparable to the same type of saturation of the senses that one experiences on LSD, but without the mindfucking effect that comes from dwelling on a single sensation. My neck is warm, my fingers soft and slightly wet from sweat.
855	3	a	00:50 - I am finding it increasingly hard to stay still and instead am beginning to pace, jump, and jog around my apartment instead of moving normally. I am compulsively feeling lots of different surfaces because each new thing is incredibly exciting. At one point I touched my entertainment center which had not been dusted in a while, and when I went to go wash my hands, the water shocked me because it felt like it was flooding deep into my pores. Out loud I could not help myself from saying, “whoa”. It was strong.
856	3	a	00:55 - I changed the music genre to EDM, and now the experience all starts to fall into place. The music sounds so saturated, much like the sensation of touch, but in my ears instead. I had to dance because it was irresistible at this point.
857	3	a	01:00 - I have been dancing for five minutes straight, unable to stop moving. My body feels in tune with every beat, and since I have heard the song before I am making a (very tiny) effort to time my moves with the beat. I spun in place, and that was wonderful. This is nice. My body is weightless. I understand why people jump so much at raves.
858	3	a	01:05 - Dancing dancing dancing. Skin feels tingly, hot-but-cold sensation. Body temperature has risen for sure.
859	3	a	01:10 - Could not stop myself from feeling my roommate's arm. It felt so soft, warm, and malleable. I have touched nearly every surface in my apartment by now. The music is phenomenal, I can't stop moving, I'm walking in repetitive circles as I type this. I hugged a pillow for about two minutes and just kept breathing in.  I understand why EDM music is so repetitive now, the continuous melodies and drum beats are so enticing because each repetition gives rise to a euphoric wave (which is pleasantly overwhelming because the music is so fast). The sound seems to massage my body all over in the best sweet spots, and the repetition maintains the euphoria. Taking notes all throughout my peak has not negatively impacted anything, I don’t feel like I’m missing out on the experience.
860	3	a	01:20 - Turned off all lights closed all blinds and turned on black lights and LEDs to increase the atmosphere. It definitely works. Damn. Sweating, happy, entranced by music. Just happy.
861	3	a	01:25 -  Communicating with my roommate is nice. I apologized for being somewhat distant and isolated the last few days, and I explain that I have been finding it hard to talk and be happy. Pretty much haven't stopped moving since 01:00.
862	3	a	01:30 - Eating a banana. This banana is so soft. I can feel every fiber of this banana in my mouth, going down my esophagus, everything. It's all so pleasant. So easy to eat. YES. Give me more. I am craving every tactile sensation and every possible sensory input. 
863	3	a	01:35 - I begin thinking very hard about why I have been so depressed lately. I recently worked with children for one school year and have definitely felt empty without them. But now, I just feel glad that I accompanied them through a period in their life. I got to watch them grow, mature, and evolve. It was fascinating and yes, I will miss them, but I need to move on to the next chapter of my life, which is re-entering college. It will be transformative and exciting. I will learn, I will be stimulated mentally.
864	3	a	01:45 - I have reached the plateau. Everything is more gentle now. I am no longer excitedly sprinting around my apartment flooding myself with stimulation because I feel like I can control it more. The music is wonderful, setting is awesome. Spent some time watching MDMA/Trance visual videos on YouTube. Back to listening to music now, upbeat still. I started thinking to myself about how I will be ready for the comedown, and that knowing this will end is good and healthy to think about. Does not diminish my experience at all, still having a blast. I personally enjoyed the come up, I loved the overpowering and frantic excitement, wanting to touch and feel everything I saw.
865	3	a	02:05 - I'm really receptive to everything my roommate says. I really don't want to be typing as he's talking because I feel like he deserves more attention. I want him to feel good and listened to.
866	3	a	02:10 - holy shit we finished talking and we both put on headphones and DAMN this music is good. We can turn it up louder too because we have neighbors and therefore can't blast the speakers. I feel like the experience is slowly coming down but I am still very much there. I feel less need to spontaneously dance, though if I try, I can get back in the mood.
867	3	a	03:15 - last hour was spent making music, as both my roommate and I are fans. Definitely feel the comedown, but no desire to do more (not that I could, that’s all I had) as I don't want to prolong the flood of serotonin. Little drained.
868	3	a	03:30 - got up to go to the bathroom and washed my hands. Was feeling a little cold and the warm water was still so enticing that I had to take another very warm shower (which was heavenly). I am coming down but not disappointed. I am almost ready to leave that euphoric space, for I know that it is fleeting and very artificial. MDMA definitely has therapeutic qualities, however, and the artificial nature of the happiness should not be overlooked as just another fuck-up/party drug. It definitely could be that in larger amounts though, hence the popularity. I am interested how I will feel the next day. I am certain I will be very sad at some point but this experience was eye-opening and I do not regret it. For now.
869	3	a	03:40 - Smoked one bowl of cannabis. Really relaxing. I usually avoid cannabis because normally I will have uncomfortable body jitters when I smoke, but right now I have nearly zero. Talking to my roommate more, just relaxing. Definitely nowhere near the peak but the euphoria still comes in waves, subtly. The cannabis seems to have brought back the euphoria and positivity a little. It is not near peak levels but perhaps 02:00. It also seems to lengthen tactile sensations. What I mean by this is that the initial euphoric wave from every touch, smell, and taste reverberates for a few seconds longer than I remember on just the MDMA itself.
870	3	a	04:00 - I continued to make music on my own, while my roommate listens.
871	3	a	05:30 - I feel incredibly constipated! This is uncomfortable, and I need it to end. I go into the bathroom and get laxatives, which I take one dose of. The discomfort is actually not detracting from the experience at all and I still feel very pleasant.
872	3	a	07:00 - The comedown is heavier now. My body feels exhausted and needs rest. Slight nausea from the laxative. To combat this, I lay down and relax. As soon as I relax my body completely, the constipation stops! I realize that it is the stomach tightness from before. I have been unconsciously clenching my stomach muscles for god knows how long, probably since at least 05:00. Wow. This is probably the only negative I have encountered so far.
873	3	a	07:10 I relaxed for a good 5 minutes letting my stomach muscles loosen. I want to go to bed now but I still feel awake. I had the idea to clean the apartment, since there is shit everywhere, so I’ve been doing that. I want my surroundings to be beautiful and clean.
874	3	a	16:10 - I slept for 9 hours and feel good. My body is somewhat exhausted but I am still here mentally. I am not having any mental or physical repercussions from doing normal things. I feel great, actually, like a weight has been lifted off of my shoulders.
875	3	a	17:55 - After getting all that sleep I am still tired, eyes shifting out of focus. Still I feel positive and have gained a lot from my experience last night. I feel somewhat renewed and ready to continue life.
876	3	a	Two days later I have decided to stop using drugs and get clean. My body feels abused and I am very mentally cloudy. I rarely get depressed but the last few weeks have been a struggle, and drugs are not helping. This is definitely not me at my greatest potential and so I have resolved to do better. I suspect a portion of this motivation is coming from my MDMA experience. I smoked weed today and all it did for me was create more of these thoughts, albeit much stronger and more emotionally charged.
877	3	a	MDMA was a wonderfully positive experience and I would love to do it again at some point, but right now I’ve got every intention to stay away from drugs. Something I noted was that as soon as I started thinking about my kids from work, it was almost impossible not to think about their impact on my life. I knew that a good part of my depression was because of losing them, but when I took ecstasy I was filled with so much self-love that I felt I owed it to myself to explore it. It got me thinking at the level I was subconsciously avoiding and definitely brought me a little more clarity and peace.
878	3	a	It makes me so happy that I can take on pretty much anything. It is important not to overheat however, because there is a compulsive need to move, or just do SOMETHING. That’s the beauty with this one, is that I can do just about anything and love the hell out of it. I can also think about pretty much anything because all of my normal mental barriers and schemas are not as strong. I was willing to breeze through the entire timeline of my depression and pinpoint triggers without much sadness or feelings of loss. It was pretty much happiness in the place of sadness, and while it was the result of a drug, the potential for personal healing should not be overlooked. Now three days later, I am starting to pay attention to the bigger picture more. My actions are not simply reactions now. I am thinking ahead and planning my moves accordingly. The temptations to use drugs are still strong, I just feel more willpower than I did before.
879	3	a	I feel confident that what I ingested was definitely the real thing, because every sensation and thought associated with my experience was either strikingly similar or pretty close to everything I had researched and read about.
880	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
881	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Music Discussion (22), Depression (15), Hangover / Days After (46), Therapeutic Intent or Outcome (49), Small Group (2-9) (17)
882	3	a	Seeing as this is my first so-called trip report, I'm not entirely sure where to begin, so Ill just get right to it. 
883	3	a	My first experience with MDMA was spontaneous and unplanned.  It was a beautiful and sunny Saturday in August, and I was over at my friend D’s house.  D had thrown a small party the last night (that I had unfortunately been unable to attend), and most of my best friends were there, albeit very hungover.
884	3	a	Anyways, everyone was sitting outside, idly smoking and sharing stories/trying to piece together what had happened the night before. To give some brief background, my friend G is an experienced MDMA user and always sings its praises.  He was telling me about how my other friend B had tried to score some “Molly” (that is, pure MDMA) from him last night but he didn’t want to wake his dealer.
885	3	a	I asked him if he could get some now that it was morning.  He could.  Two phone calls and half an hour later, and I am sitting in front of 100mg of Molly in a gel capsule and another 100mg cut into five small lines on the back of a Pineapple Express DVD case.  G shows me how to roll a $20 bill so that it won’t unroll in your hands and I begin.
886	3	a	The molly snorts easier than coke, but burns much more.  Being a tad bit of a masochist, I love the burn and am disappointed when it subsides after a few minutes.  I then take the capsule with a can of soda.  We sit and talk for a while longer, then G asks B for a ride home to shower.  I eagerly agree to accompany them, hoping to be near G when I start to come up.  I placebo a lot on the ride to G’s house, trying to convince myself I am coming up when really I am not.  We drop G off and I climb into the front seat. 
887	3	a	B has to drive to Dick’s (a sporting goods store) to buy binoculars for come reason.  Still excited and jittery for the roll to begin, I accompany him inside.  I’m standing at the binocular case when the Molly kicks in.  An orgasmic rush of warmth flows up my spine, into my neck, and gravity can no longer hold me.  I lose 135lbs over the course of two minutes.  My field of vision widens to 180 degrees and I can feel my pupils beginning to dilate.  An ethereal and sparkly mist hangs over everything, obscuring nothing yet somehow still visible.  The mist isnt so much a visual as an intensification of the ambient light and a result of my rapid change in perception.  I begin to bounce up and down on my feet, feeling invincible and overflowing with happiness.  I flit around B as he picks up the binoculars and we head to the checkout. 
888	3	a	Standing in line is the hardest thing to do at this point.  I vibrate around and pick up various objects off the shelves, feeling their wonderful textures.  One of my favorites is a small rubber ball filled with liquid and covered in tiny rubber spines. 
889	3	a	I know that I am visibly intoxicated, and everyone in line seems aware to some degree of my buoyant mood and unconventional behavior.  I just do not care, which is a big deal for me, since I am usually obsessed with how others perceive me- even strangers.  I feel freer than I ever have at this moment.  I even flirt with the cute cashier who rings us up which, again, is a major change for me.
890	3	a	As we leave the store, I am grinning ear-to-ear and practically weightless.  When we are in B’s car a few moments later, he puts a CD on and cranks up the volume.  The pumping beats of the techno fill me with energy and euphoria.  I cannot resist frenetically pumping my fist and bobbing my head to the music.  I grin, fully aware of how ridiculous I must look but loving every minute of this wonderful chemical.
891	3	a	B drives us around town for a while, ending with us picking up G and heading back to D’s house.  G and D leave again, leaving me with D and our other friend L.  D and L are playing video games, and I join in.  It is hard to keep track of whats going on in the game and I keep getting distracted by how fascinating my surroundings are.  The right angles and corners of the walls seem particularly interesting, and the patterns on the wood are strikingly perfect.
892	3	a	After another half-hour or so the high shifts down a few gears.  The frantic must-dance attitude drifts away, leaving a deep contentment and intense yet gentle euphoria. It becomes easier to focus.  Conversation flows more effortlessly than it ever has before.  Almost a filter between my thoughts and my speaking that I never knew was there had been removed.  Eventually we all pile into L’s car and head to the mall to buy a poster.
893	3	a	The drive is very relaxing and my high continues to shift into a more philosophical mode.  The landscape is achingly beautiful and I am aware of every little detail that would normally escape my attention.  Trees ripple in the breeze and the sight sparks feelings of divinity.  The three of us begin talking about life and purposes, about energy and matter and vibrations.  God and light and the shadow of the human psyche.  The conversation is deeply fulfilling, and I feel incredibly in-tune with those around me.
894	3	a	When we arrive at the mall I discover yet another quality of the MDMA; movement is effortless.  I am walking more gracefully and easily than I ever thought was possible.  Another interesting thing I noticed is that women seemed drawn to me.  Every one that passed me smiled back, with many even going so far as to strike up conversations or make flirty remarks as we went by.  Its marvelous what can happen when one sends out such pure, positive vibes.
895	3	a	On the way back to D’s, the effects decreased in potency (it was 4 or so hours since ingestion).  The comedown was worlds apart from cocaine or other such “happy drugs”.  As the chemical’s effects gradually wore off my own warm glow and serenity of spirit replaced them.  I was not bothered with wanting more of the drug, nor did I once think about re-dosing.
896	3	a	We played several rounds of disc golf on the way back.  Despite not having played in months, my game was vastly superior to what it normally is.  Trees still caught my attention as they had previously, and it felt absolutely breathtaking to be surrounded by nature.
897	3	a	Later in the night when it was time for me to drive back home, music still deeply moved me.  I drove aimlessly around town for at least another hour, listening to Jamiroquai at high volume and reveling in the clear night air.
898	3	a	The next morning I awoke to a clear mind.  No traces of negativity or an unpleasant hangover were anywhere in sight.  In fact, the hangover is almost as good as the drug itself.  I blissfully went about my morning, immediately going outside and sitting in the grass.  Drinking apple juice and contemplating trees was the simplest and most organic of life’s pleasures.
899	3	a	In the future I will not make any important decisions while on MDMA, nor the day after.  Later that Sunday night I made a very stupid decision about opiate dosage, still being caught up in the warm everything-is-all-right glow of that morning, and ended up on death’s doorstep.  Luckily, everything turned out all right…
900	3	a	Finally.  This is a very potent drug.  I think, like all drugs, it should be treated with the utmost respect.  If one allows it, it can take one to new heights and connect one with humanity and nature in a most beneficial way.  They say that one dose of MDMA is worth three good months of psychotherapy. And I am inclined to agree with that statement.  Since my trip, I have been a happier and more good-natured person.  MDMA showed me a lot about myself.
901	3	a	Hopefully you found what you were seeking in my words.
902	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
903	3	a	MDMA (3) : Glowing Experiences (4), General (1), Music Discussion (22), Small Group (2-9) (17)
904	3	a	The first time I did E was on a day pretty much just like any other.  I had been sitting around bored smoking some weed, watching movies etc.  I had just added this girl I had met at a previous halloween on myspace and through that I got her aim and we were talking.  I was trying to hook up with her, who I will call A, but not really caring too much one way or the other.  She mentioned that her and a friend were trying to find people to throw down for an ecstasy buy.  I had some money and I had read about the substance but really didn't know completely how it worked or what would happen.  I just thought sex on e would be pretty awesome so I just decided right then and there that I was definitely in.  We had to wait around for several hours during which time I started to do a lot of research.  I ingested 2000mg vitamin c and drank 2 big glasses of water, and had a meal ahead of time.  I then didn't have anything else to eat after that.  I also read a lot on erowid about mdma and related ecstasy substances just so I knew what to expect.  But again I still didn't really know TOO much.
905	3	a	Eventually, she and her friend, a kid who actually happened to be the older brother of one of my best friends,call him R, ended up showing up at my house. I could tell at the time that he was trying to hook up with her too and that she already had interest, so I just let go of that idea and decided to just have fun and walk around and talk to people. We got a ride from another friend of mine and purchased our pills but had no idea what we wanted to do.  R eventually found a group of cool redneck dudes who were friends of his who were having a bonfire.  I grabbed a light button up shirt, and a very light hoodie to have over that. 
906	3	a	As we were going we were actually pulled over by a cop because our driver was very tired from work and supposedly went slightly over the line.  He was completely sober at the time, but had an 18 of beer in his trunk and we had 5 e pills along with some weed, a few bowls.  We just kept calm and explained it off, and the cop just told us to get where we were going and stay there.  We politely agreed and continued on our way.  This sort of phazed me at the time but I quickly forgot about it.  I just figured I should completely explain my set and the setting.
907	3	a	So on to the setting, a semi large piece of property owned and maintained by a very cool australian guy, D. There were a few small houses on the property.  There were about 10 other people there, a few other guys, 2-3 girls.  Everyone was friendly and pretty relaxed the whole night.  R's friend came up to us, his name was B, and asked what we were up to and we told him that I had 3 e pills and R and A had 1 each. He was drinking beer and other alcohol heavily at the time as were everyone there besides myself, A and R, the rolling people.  Only water for us :) They had a MASSIVE bonfire going at the time, and all through the night, everyone there was mostly carrying on, having fun, and just dragging around random wood and burning materials to toss into the massive fire at the center. It was also VERY hot near the fire. We had several water bottles and some packs of gum.  We decided to drop our pills, A was swallowing her's because she couldn't stand the taste, but R said that he was absorbing his under his tongue and holding the liquid there and then after some time swallowing the liquid.  I decided I wanted the most impact so I too decided to absorb my small, pink, star-shaped pills.  We all took them at the same time and proceeded to wait around for it to kick in while just walking around talking about random stuff. Note: I do not know exactly when we dropped so I will give estimates and just say 11 pm.  
908	3	a	 We are noticing a definite bitter taste that is strong, but I find I actually do not really mind. It is a very basic type of taste, no acidity at all really. It is almost salty but also very, very bitter. R and A both say that it definitely tastes similar to other good e pills they have had previously. Both R and I notice that parts of our tongue and mouth are starting to numb slightly, not like novacaine or anything, but still noticeable. (I'm not really sure about this, MDMA does have analgesic properties, but I've only really heard of numbness from cocaine and painkillers. So it could have had something else with it, but we all definitely could tell it had MDMA in it.) We are starting to feel pretty buzzed already too just a slight anticipatory feeling probably placebo and norepinephrine begining to flow more. The fire is very big and quite hot from a long distance.  We drink water, sipping it slowly and swishing it around slightly in our mouths the entire time.  
909	3	a	Another 15-20 minutes pass with everyone there just burning stuff, talking and having fun.  The marjority of the people there were already -very- drunk at this point and continued on for the whole night. We are all most definitely feeling pretty nice already.  We are all three very smiley and enthusiastic about things and everyone is getting along good.  Everyone is starting to get a body and head high, and breathing deep and walking around on the poofy, soft grass felt very good. I was especially enjoying it as I had never had such quick and powerful sensations.  I was talking freely to everyone and walking around wide-eyed, feeling like I was on the edge of something. This carries on for about 30 minutes after initial dosing and just gets better and better. Around this time I am feeling very nice, very friendly an just generous all around.  I still had 2 pills left but I had NO need or desire to take them myself.  At this point B came up to me and asked if he could purchase a tab off me and I quickly said yes.  He then told me he didn't have any money, but that if I gave him my cell number he would call me in a day or two when he got payed and give me 30 dollars for one 20 dollar pill.  
910	3	a	This brings me to something important about ecstasy.  Ecstasy DOES effect my judgment.  I feel fantastic, lovey-dovey and like everyone near me is one of my best friends in the entire world.  But of course they are not.  So I might make some decisions that I normally wouldn't make with a relative stranger, because of how empathetic and just loved up I feel. Ecstasy DOES effect my judgment.  I feel fantastic, lovey-dovey and like everyone near me is one of my best friends in the entire world.  But of course they are not.  So I might make some decisions that I normally wouldn't make with a relative stranger, because of how empathetic and just loved up I feel.  Like fronting a 20 dollar pill to a complete stranger.  I decided to anyway, and I handed him 1 of the small pink star shaped goodies.  He had also been drinking VERY heavily throughtout the whole night, but assured me he could handle himself.  I said ok, fine, whatever, and we just started talking about random stuff as he absorbed his pill.  He was a logger and I was a lot more interested in this than I normally would have been, and I noticed my thought process was sped up when I was asking him rapid-fire questions about working as a logger.  I had done adderalls, vyvanse, and ritalins before this and the speedy conversation and mental clarity was similar, but with much more noticeable euphoria and bodily sensations.  Another 15 minutes or so pass, A and R are looking at eachother and seem to be talking intimately, while I just roam around the property starting up fantastic conversations about basically anything and everything with all the random people I had just met.  I was smiling very big the whole time and very empathetic and involved in people's stories.  This is probably t+45-50
911	3	a	OK.  I feel FANTASTIC.  Simply everything and everyone just looks and feels amazing.  I am just inhaling the night air deeply through my mouth alternating with my very much opened up nasal passages. Everything feels super crisp and fantastic and the sweatshirt I was wearing felt very soft.  I smoked my first bowl of the night as this point (I wanted to gather some of the effects from baseline first) and it very much intensified the whole experience and made it have an almost trippy feel. I was having some minor difficulties walking due to my legs doing a very slight wobble. I was also clenching my jaw heavily and we all chewed many pieces of some kind of very fruity bubblicious gum and it just tasted and felt so good in my mouth.  I kept just walking around and then sitting down at random places and just feeling patches of grass while staring at the massive bonfire. Then I would, within 5 minutes, get up a stagger to another spot and sit down there instead, with no real reason for doing it.  I guess I wanted to see the fire from every angle. I was great entertainment for everyone there, as they had all rolled many times previously and knew exactly what I was feeling.  I was bobbing my head enthusiastically to the county music and rock that they had playing, and I will just say I normally NEVER listen to country music.  Everything just felt fantastic and I was having very entertaining, humorous conversations with everyone there, while normally I am sort of anxious and reserved, especially with strangers, but all of these people felt like they all just wanted me to have a great time with my first roll, and they gave me random advice, like jumping around a bit to get blood flowing, etc.  
912	3	a	 At t+1 20 or so, things started to get a little weird.  We were all VERY intoxicated, A and R were making out a lot at this point and R was playing random hip hop songs from his blackberry.  However, a few of the guys there were starting to get very drunk and they started to hit on A.  She seemed a little uncomfortable by it, and R just held onto her somewhat possessively the whole time.  Eventually the guys started trying to get her to take her top off, obviously they were hoping to take advantage of her uninhibited state.  She really didn't seem to mind this the whole time, but R was getting slightly annoyed, and the whole mood was sort of messing with my otherwise fantastic feelings.
913	3	a	I started to experience my first 'crashes' which were basically strange bodily sensations, flushing of the face and chest, paranoid and depressing thoughts, and a general sense of sadness, mostly the fact that A was a pretty young teenage girl, who was being debased to nothing more than eye-candy.  Hey, I am a nice guy in general, and I don't get into the typical male idea of getting women really fucked up and then trying to sex them, so it was a little weird for me.  This quickly ended when she told them she was only 17 and they halted their advances, but one of the more wasted guys there, M, still kept trying throughout the night, and he really got on my nerves for that, I just wanted everyone to have fun and talk and not really worry about normal stuff for the night, but again, only the 3 of us were rolling, everyone else was just very drunk, and alcohol can make fools of people very easily.
914	3	a	We got over this whole thing quickly and just got back to the talking and whatever.  Around this time R asked me if I would front him a pill for him and A to split, and he assured me he would pay me back in a few days.  Mistake number two here for me, as I ended up not getting money from either of those two, and instead spent over 100 dollars that night, pills and weed combined.  Anyway, this is around t+1 30- 1 45 and I believe this is when I hit my first 'peak' as I was standing somewhat close to the fire, and I started to get insanely strong head and chest rushes.  I began to get worried, thinking I had OD'd, or was dehydrating so I asked R for some of his water.  I then realized how close I was to the massive bonfire, so I walked 20 feet back and sat down on the cool grass, taking off my sweatshirt and holding the cool water bottle to my chest.  I felt almost immediately better, and I was super speedy at this point.  Like my legs were bouncing around on their own accord, my whole body was rocking back and forth and I was just smiling huge the entire time.  This is when it really kicked in. I went from feeling fantastic, to feeling in-fucking-credible.  Thoughts flying a mile a minute, full closed-eye visuals, and all sorts of revelations about my life, what I want to do with it, my friends, etc.  The whole night I was wishing very much that I had my best friend with me to share in the experience, but he was busy that night.  
915	3	a	We spent the next hr or so just talking very quickly and deeply around all sorts of random stuff, when suddenly somebody realized that B was missing.  My heart almost stopped.  The hammered drunk guy that I had given ecstasy too was missing somewhere in the woods.  What if he passed out?  What if he was seizing up right now on the forest floor, and we were all just sitting around talking shit and enjoying our buzz?  Most everyone else wasn't really worried and said he was probably just exploring, but the thoughts stuck with me and definitely had an effect on my feelings.  I felt great sure, but I still had worries brewing underneath it.
916	3	a	After an hour or so the others started to get worried, so they mounted up a big search mission and all got into their random jeeps and trucks and drove off into the woods searching for him.  They were gone for probably 20 minutes and I was talking to a new person I hadn't talked to much before. I expressed my concern that I had given B ecstasy after he had been drinking, and that he might be in trouble. He explained that B was a big boy and could handle himself, and if he couldn't, it was his problem, but I was still a little worried.  We were just chatting talking, when suddenly, B came staggering out of the forest.  We ran over to him and he was just giggling like a maniac, and the first words he said were 'holy shit'.  Apparently he had found a really cool looking tree in the woods and had spent the last 2 hours just walking around it, examining it from every angle, trying to climb it, lying beneath it, etc.  So the whole time we were sort of worried, he was actually having the time of his life just roaming around some big ass tree in the woods.  This seemed to be sort of a metaphor for the whole night to me.  Everyone was kinda 
917	3	a	just wrapped up in their own little feelings.  
918	3	a	The next few hours after B returned went without any more problems, and so the hours flew by.  We all talked and smoked a lot of weed the entire time, and overall it really was a great night.   We all started to crash at around 5 in the morning, so we went to sleep.  I woke up the next morning after only 5 hours of sleep, but strangely felt incredible still, and ended up having so much energy that I walked/hitch-hiked home instead of waiting around for 3 hours for my ride.  
919	3	a	I ended up developing a hangover later in the day and just took 2000mg more vitamin c, and went to sleep very early that night.  The next day I felt fine.
920	3	a	Overall this was one of the most eye-opening, and incredible, experiences I have had.  It really made me realize that everybody is connected in the idea that we all just want to feel good, be listened too, and respected.  Also in the year or so since then I have really gotten much better control of my emotions in general, and I no longer get pointless anxiety.  I basically just realized that most stuff wasn't worth worrying about and didn't matter, and I realized that if I could control myself and my emotions in the midst of an ecstasy trip (and subsequently, LSD and mushroom trips later) that I could do it any time no matter what in just normal every day sober life. in the year or so since then I have really gotten much better control of my emotions in general, and I no longer get pointless anxiety.  I basically just realized that most stuff wasn't worth worrying about and didn't matter, and I realized that if I could control myself and my emotions in the midst of an ecstasy trip (and subsequently, LSD and mushroom trips later) that I could do it any time no matter what in just normal every day sober life. 
921	3	a	Overall I do not regret my decision to take any substance that I have taken, besides maybe a few ill DXM trips but that is a completely different story, and has more to do with the ever-important issues of set and setting.
922	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
923	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Nature / Outdoors (23), Music Discussion (22), Hangover / Days After (46), Relationships (44), Therapeutic Intent or Outcome (49), Large Group (10+) (19)
924	3	a	I tried Ecstasy a few days ago, on the fourth of July during a small party. I came with my friend and at first the only plan was to smoke weed through an epic bong belonging to one of the other party goers. After smoking several bowls the decision was made to buy some Ecstasy for a few of the people there. However, the availability of the ecstasy, and probably the holiday setting, encouraged everyone to take some, including myself (I had always had a mild interest in trying Ecstasy). I took a single blue tablet which my friend pronounced as “pretty pure.”
925	3	a	During the onset everyone drank Sunny D and engaged in conversation. I was told to “forget about taking the pill” in order to roll faster, which I did fairly effectively once we began smoking more weed. The roll started very abruptly, yet at the same time, it hit me softly, and was very pleasant. I started really rolling about 30 minutes after taking the tablet.
926	3	a	The sensation is a little hard to describe; a paragraph of text usually can’t do justice to the feeling of rolling. The most basic part of rolling is a mild sense of general euphoria; I felt very content with the state of things and practically nothing bad fazed me. There was mild loss of motor coordination, but nothing as severe as the kind associated with alcohol. I was also in a very stimulated and aroused state, despite having been awake for the last 12 hours without so much as a nap.
927	3	a	A loss of inhibition like the kind you get with alcohol was also present, although the kind of the things said were always 100% positive, practically glowing compliments or praises. Everyone and everything was beautiful and perfect the way it was Everyone and everything was beautiful and perfect the way it was, and simple objects like trees, blankets, and my friend's bong were significant enough to earn my love.
928	3	a	Which is nothing compared to the love I felt towards people. In a room full of seven or eight rolling individuals, there was no negativity or selfishness at all. I felt the most selfless and compassionate I have ever felt while I was rolling; annoying tasks like cleaning up someone’s puke and buying cigarettes for my underage friends were performed virtually without a second thought. One moment (actually comprised of about a 20-minute period) occurred where everyone in the room just stopped talking and looked from one person to the next, slowly smiling in admiration of how awesome everyone was. People who annoyed me before were now the coolest people in the world, and the friend I came with (one of my best friends) felt unbelievably important to me; I hoped so strongly and sincerely for him to be happy that I’m not even sure I can properly describe the sensation.
929	3	a	Also, I discovered the reason why getting Ecstasy is called “rolling”: the entirety of the roll was composed of waves of pleasure. The first wave was pretty mild, and was followed by several minutes of relative sobriety. The second wave was more noticeable and followed a few minutes later by a less intense version of the same good feeling. The entire night consisted of increasingly intense waves of pleasure until after the peak, where the trend reversed somewhat: the waves of pleasure were still intense and felt very good, but they got weaker in intensity from then on.
930	3	a	The negative effects were fairly mild; I got fairly dehydrated based on the color of my pee, but I was drinking water or Sunny D for the entirety of the roll so I never got lightheaded or thirsty. I also experienced a loss of hunger during the roll and the days after. Finally, I experienced a tendency to clench my muscles, particularly my jaw and leg muscles.
931	3	a	Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. Don't do it!] 
932	3	a	We never went to sleep; around four AM we took my friend’s car out on what we termed an “adventure,” which consisted of driving a few blocks to a park, smoking a cigarette while listening to rap music, and driving back. The 10 minutes I spent smoking and contemplating to my life was the defining moment of my night (or morning). I felt the strongest sense of purpose and self worth I have ever felt. I felt absolutely certain that the rest of my life would be amazing and unforgettable, and that I was equipped to handle any challenge I faced. I felt the strongest sense of purpose and self worth I have ever felt. I felt absolutely certain that the rest of my life would be amazing and unforgettable, and that I was equipped to handle any challenge I faced. 
933	3	a	By the time we drove back it was starting to get a little light outside and we gathered in the living room and talked as the sun rose. When it was fully morning some of us were starting to come down, so we decided to smoke another few bowls, having heard that being high makes your roll get its strength back. I have to say it worked pretty well; I was rolling pretty hard for the next three hours after. At about two in the afternoon, (13 full hours later!) I left the house and returned to my own home. It might have just been the weed, but I was still feeling the effects of the Ecstasy, they were just weaker than before. I went to work around five, still a little E-tarded and running on zero hours of sleep. Thanks to two judiciously timed cans of Rockstar, I made it through my shift fairly easily and without incident. I went to sleep and woke up nine hours later feeling absolutely amazing. I didn’t believe I was still rolling, but it sure felt like it.
934	3	a	I went to work again, and it was over the course of my nine hour shift that I really began to approach a completely sober state of being. However, I was in a very good mood, and honestly the come down was very gradual, smooth, and actually pretty pleasurable – the two days after felt kind of dreamlike and giddy.
935	3	a	I have no idea what made me roll for so long. Maybe I wasn’t rolling, and it was all about my attitude. But even two days later, and completely sober, I still feel that sense of happiness and empathy that Ecstasy gave me. The level of bonding and emotional sharing that I felt with near-strangers, let alone friends, was something that is difficult for a sober person to imagine. Ecstasy really is a “love drug,” and even fully aware of the physical and mental side effects, and the possibility of a severe come down.  I look forward to my next Ecstasy experience, although I am definitely going to wait a while so as to make sure my next roll is just as good as the first.
936	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
937	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Various (28)
938	3	a	I'm a 44 year old mom of two college students, (daughters), aged 22 and soon to be 21.  A couple of weeks ago my oldest daughter decided she wanted to try shrooms, acid, MDMA, in any order.  She got a gram of MDMA so that we could all do it together, but instead of waiting, she went ahead and tried it. Of course I didn't get to help with her preload or postload.  My youngest daughter and her friend wanted to try it, so I set aside a Saturday afternoon, went and got 5-HTP, melatonin, magnesium, ginger, the works. 
939	3	a	100 mg 5-HTP the night before and the morning of.
940	3	a	2 capsules of ginger root just before ingestion.
941	3	a	Saturday afternoon comes and I had asked both girls to read exactly what MDMA does and how it works. So I show up with a scale, and some crystal mdma that I got through the older sister.  A little background on myself.  I am a typical suburban working mom, happily married, 70,000+ salary so you all know I'm just an average mom. I went through my teenage years in the early 80's in a small coastal town in Florida so my background is a lot of smoking weed, starting at age 14, some shrooms, some acid, mdma in the late 80's, cocaine (which is a horrible overpriced drug for anyone that wants to try it, just don't).  As a matter of fact I did MDMA so much, I thought I lost the magic forever. I haven't done it since the late 80's. I did MDMA so much, I thought I lost the magic forever. I haven't done it since the late 80's.  So about 18+ years ago, I guess.  I actually took a break from all drugs, I mean ALL, from 1992 to 2007. Now, I smoke a little weed now and then. Maybe 1x a week.
942	3	a	I go over with the girls what we are about to try, they are a little nervous, but excited, they have their teddy bears, are perfectly preloaded. I make sure they are both in good moods and nothing drastic has happened lately in their lives. Set is every bit as important as setting.
943	3	a	I show them how to calibrate a scale, snip out a couple of pictures of gorgeous guys from their Cosmo for them to lick the E from, (kicking it old school as they say). For me it was always a ritual and not just a thoughtless dropping of a pill, and I kind of wanted to show/explain/pass the torch to the girls.  
944	3	a	4:30 They know it will be awhile, I tell them wait till they feel a little sick, then it will kick in.  I tell them they need to go try and urinate. (we are leaving the house kids, anyone have to go to the bathroom?)
945	3	a	4:50 They ask if they don't feel anything and is this why people take more at this point and should they.  I raise my eyebrows at them and say, no, no more, practice patience.  Let's take a walk down to the Park Blocks.... oh and leave your cell phones, we don't need to call anyone right now...
946	3	a	5:10  We are walking through the Park. They are starting to come up and are fascinated with Girl#2's pupils.  Girl#1 pupils- nada. Still small. We are hot and melty. Hot summer day.
947	3	a	5:30 As we are walking and talking about the day, we all come up, VERY smooth.  Back in the day, I always got really nauseated. We all feel great, no nausea, but Girl#2 says she feels a bit funny.  We sit down on the park bench and talk and talk about how great we feel and how much we all really love each other. I put the non=nausea down to taking ginger previous to ingestion. Maybe.
948	3	a	6:00 We are totally there.  The girls have huge black pupils, they are holding hands, reciting stories from their earlier years, petting dogs, and loving life...I am watching them and feeling maternal and incredibly loving. They go to Starbucks and I watch them chat the clerk up for water. (My girls are really pretty, so this is fun to watch this guy interact with these two VERY friendly girls - he must know they are rolling). They talk to a guy who is selling matchbook kites on the street and say they would totally buy them if they had money. The street vendor gives them two kites for free. They walk into a men's underwear store and again flirt outrageously with the clerk (who is obviously very gay, but loving it and flirting back - amazing).
949	3	a	7:00 The girls are peaking and valleying (what I call going up and coming down...)  We end up spending the majority of our time in the Mall. Then ... back to the Park!...This goes on until 8:00, we go back home talking about our feelings, they smoke a little pot and then decide they want to go listen to jazz. They mix up some vodka drinks, I drive home and then type this up.
950	3	a	Notes: The magic definitely came back. Maybe it takes awhile! The bitterness is still there. I personally don't think you should drink alcohol anytime in the 24 hours of a good mdma experience, but that's a personal choice. Smoking weed helps coming down, but right now I'm still pretty perspirey and hot. But that could be summer.  Pant pant pant. And I've never walked so much in my life.  This is why I was a size 5 in the 80's!!  Better living through chemistry!  
951	3	a	Well, my job is done.  I showed the girls how to smoke and buy weed, now MDMA, and probably shrooms at some point.  You know, I think the DEA has it all wrong when they say talk to your kids about drugs.  Well, I do. And to me, there are some really bad drugs.  Meth and cocaine are not good to do.  Period.  But if my kids want to do drugs, then I help them pick the good ones and then show them how to do it, and explain the difference between recreational and self medication. I think that's why some kids die from drugs because  they never talked to someone who really loves them and shows them how to actually do them safely.
952	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
953	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Retrospective / Summary (11), Second Hand Report (42), Families (41), Small Group (2-9) (17)
954	3	a	I'd like to start by saying that I've taken MDMA once before, about three months ago. I had done a lot of research and was expecting something completely grand, and I was very let down, but now I can attribute that to the bad atmosphere and lack of planning. I was with by closest friend in her cold January basement (we couldn't go upstairs, her family was there). I came up and was mildly pleased. I wasn't overly stimulated, just pleasantly buzzed, and conversations flowed more easily. The whole thing lasted about 9 hours, and I didn't really notice any rushes or a peak or even a comedown. It was just a whole day of mild bliss, and then 6 days following of pretty severe depression and paranoia (which I am prone to). 
955	3	a	I took MDMA again yesterday. It was 88 degrees outside and I put my stereo (full of mellow mood music) and blankets out on my roof, with a full supply of rolled marijuana joints, packs of strong camel cigarettes, mint gum, juice, iced tea, soda, and candy. I had prepared by taking the day off work and making sure I told my boyfriend (who ruined my last trip and made me paranoid because he doesn't support my drug experiments and told me so when I was coming up). I've learned that it's very important to discuss drug intentions with close people who will inevitably know when you're high (family, close friends, partners, etc.). That way, you are fully prepared and there are no surprises or ruined experiences. With most drugs, its ALL about atmosphere and company. I was with my three best friends in the whole world (who already know all my secrets), with whom I have experimented with many drugs, particularly LSD, which brought us so much closer and made us spiritual. 
956	3	a	We dropped the E around 2:50 PM after hitting the bong. I wanted to start early in the day so we could enjoy the sunshine and not be up in the middle of the night still buzzed. I wanted to start early in the day so we could enjoy the sunshine and not be up in the middle of the night still buzzed. I wasn’t feeling anything around 3:40 PM which made me nervous and disappointed. My friends and I all put on sundresses and sunglasses and went out onto my roof. The change of environment must have catalyzed my awareness of the drug, and as soon as I realized it, it came on me full force all at once. There were even moments where I felt like it was too much but it was indescribably amazing. I had eaten less then my friends and so I began to feel it much more strongly and quickly. I was all over them, professing my undying love and respect for them, telling them how beautiful they are, hugging them and kissing them. I believed every word of it, and I still do now. These words were all true, but I could never express them with such abandon before. I could tell they were happy for me, but weren’t feeling it like me. They kept looking at each other and saying they hoped to be where I was. 
957	3	a	Soon enough, my friend who had taken E with me in her cold basement began to come up. We sat outside on my roof, smoking cigarette after cigarette without even feeling them. They were the most delicious cigarettes in the world. I couldn’t finish my sentences; I was trembling from the stimulation, in a good way. I kept thinking I’ve never felt like this before, it’s so good, so pure. God must exist. Thank you god, for making this experience possible. I became very profound. By 4:00 PM, We were all peaking. All three of us, rolling around on my roof in sundresses, pouring our love on top of each other. I told them how proud I was of them. I told them that I forgave all past wrongdoings, which I completely did. My ego was gone. I suddenly thought my own body was beautiful, but it didn’t matter, I was so absorbed in how wonderful and good and kind and strong my friends were. My ego was gone but it didn’t matter. I didn’t matter. I lived for my friends and I was completely blissful in this. We discussed who we were in past lives. I cried because my friends were so beautiful and I loved them so much. The rush of love and acceptance overcame me. My third friend who had never taken MDMA before was very silent. I kept telling her how amazing she was, but she couldn’t seem to let out emotion. She later told me it was too intense for her and she didn’t know how to handle it, which I completely understand. I think my one past experience made me know what to expect, but this was nothing like it. It must have been purer MDMA, but it was unlike anything. Pure, like god and heaven. 
958	3	a	Well, we ran out of cigarettes, which was a big deal. Initially I wanted someone to walk to the store with me, but everyone said they were tripping too hard. I wanted to be generous (I had already given them both expensive clothes that I thought would look better on them) so I said I’d go to the store. On my way out I ran into my mother, who asked me what I was on (I guess our laughter and screams of love were too obvious) I told her we were smoking good weed, and that she was a wonderful mother, and went to the store. I told myself to be collected. I bought more candy and cigarettes and walked back to my house and went onto my roof. I saw my two friends all over each other. 
959	3	a	I was so happy they loved each other and were bonding but as soon as I sat down I knew it wasn’t the same. That childlike rush of joy was gone, but my friends still felt it. This was about 5:40. I watched them smiling with love for each other and began to get jealous. This shocked me. I’m not supposed to feel jealous! Or any negative emotions! This made me sad and nostalgic for an hour. I watched them in their sheer joy and it made me feel that much more jealous and sad that I must be coming down. They were still hugging me, telling me how much they loved me, but the magic was gone. I loved them of course, but not with the same fervor. In fact, I think my general mood was lower than it would have been if I hadn’t been on any drugs at this point. They kept trembling with happiness until about 7:00 PM, which were a very bad few hours for me. I was so sad, so nostalgic. I had bought 4 pills, and I had one left. I kept thinking about popping that last one, just to feel one with god again, to feel like my life made sense, to love my friends as much as they loved me. If I didn’t have to work the next day, I might have. 
960	3	a	By around 9:00 PM, we were all coming down, fairly unpleasantly, still buzzed, but exhausted and drained. We watched Gladiator (which was more epic than usual), ate bowls of cereal (hadn’t eaten since breakfast, completely no appetite) and went to sleep. I was so scared to have that week-long depression that happened last time I was on MDMA, but this morning I felt great. It was actually a mood lift. I enjoyed the breeze and the beautiful weather; I walked to work instead of taking the subway. I had philosophical talks with my coworkers about our life choices (which was fairly reminiscent of yesterday’s emotional abandon). And here I am writing this experience. Even the cigarettes I smoked today seemed to give me an extra lift (and a little bit of nausea that passes quickly). On the whole, I feel rested and alert. No bad side effects, except that I haven’t eaten much, my appetite is still low but that’s never negative to me, I’d like to loose a few pounds.
961	3	a	On the whole, I am a big fan of MDMA. That, and LSD, and other psychedelics have shown me the world, and every perspective possible to me, and despite the negative side effects, this mind expansion is well worth it. It showed me how much I respected my closest friends, how much I love and appreciate them. It taught me to be generous. It taught me empathy. I loved my lack of ego. It was completely amazing. The only bad thing was that it was so short and I came down hard. (Still worth it). Having two experiences with MDMA has shown me how the atmosphere and planning, as well as the differing purity of street E can make two experiences completely different. If you plan out your trip correctly and prepare yourself for some negative come-down effects, I think this is an experience every person should have with their loved ones.
962	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
963	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Hangover / Days After (46), Glowing Experiences (4), Small Group (2-9) (17)
964	3	a	10:10 PM ~ My brother and I acquired a half gram of 97% pure MDMA, which I have tried several times before and is chemically tested by my connection. We ingested 1 point (100 mgs) at this time.
965	3	a	Around 10 45 ~ 11: I feel that air is sliding and melting against me; at times, in fact, even into me. It is a beautiful symbiotic reaction that occurs everyday that we are alive, but I know it is very much more defined in a clear and not overwhelming way. I feel entirely comfortable moving and grooving to my environment, and verbally transcending into the vibe of my brother's conversation. Intentionally stumbling feels quite gleeful, and adds a different more intense influence to the body sensations.
966	3	a	11:45: Rolling around on the carpet, we both ingested a second point to intensify the roll around the time the peak hits.
967	3	a	12:50 AM: Second point has kicked with a very sedating, buttery and orgasmic sensation. Physical movements feel more delayed, and my vision wafts and drags while occasionally shaking my field of view. We decide to split a point (100 mgs) between us, since he suggested we snort half of it each. (50 mgs) I chopped my half of the mostly crystalline point into smallish lines with my debit card, much like with a small mound of coke. I then snorted the 5 lines with a bill, and then offered to chop his lines for him, but he said he'd prefer to snort the one very thick line I had chopped out. I preferred to take the smaller lines because I've heard the drip can be bitter and rather harsh.
968	3	a	12:51 AM ~ The drip sets in, although I've let it sit and absorb in my nostril. VERY bitter and sour in a much much different way than cocaine. Body high (which was already prospering) seems slightly intensified.
969	3	a	1:05 AM: Drip is a son of a bitch, but powerade is helping. Now these lines seem to have enhanced my visuals fairly significantly; began mildly but now moderately enhanced flip-book vision and slight grainy purple and blueish sweeping color patters on the wall, lit by a strobe light and a black light in the room.
970	3	a	1:16 AM: This roll has now elevated to another plateau, prompted I imagine from snorting the half, made intensified by the fact that we should be approaching the wonderous peak now; retreating gently from the smooth come up towards it. It feels like scales on a fish, escalating and descending up and down my body as well as my mind, beautifully so. My brother, who, once again  is on the same dose as myself.
971	3	a	Alas, also; flip-book vision (for those who don't know, the rapidly flickering, short duration distortions of general vision) is much more intensified. This is my favorite visual from MDMA, even though it's tended to give me distinctly different, yet similar color patterns to an LSD trip. (One of the several seperate reasons why I ENTIRELY, WITHOUT QUESTION consider MDMA a beautiful and completely unique and mystic psychedelic.)
972	3	a	It is beautiful, tactile senses in general are also more amplified then before. Once again, the concept of air comes back to me. The simple and slight cooling from the ceiling fan are calming and seem to, quite literally ooze and slide off of my body and bare skin like thin layers of water. It is very relaxing and tranquil, but my brother prompts me to come outside with him for a cheap cigar smoke. I'm also looking forward to viewing the stars and feeling the grass outside on this chilling December night, which has been warmed and softly consoled by this beautiful and now significantly... fuck it, fairly highly intensified influence which I presume is a result of the bastardly lines.
973	3	a	1:46 AM: We saunter out of the sliding glass door of the apartment, leading into the grassy court yard with a swing set in the middle. The dense mass of giant fur trees in the distance swayed and flopped against each other in the embrace of the wind. My body felt like it was naturally swaying in a very similar manner upon seeing the tree's motions. The ghostly white, thin clouds drifted above them in the starry dark blue sky, accentuated by diamond - like color patters of purple and magenta. We sat in the grass and glared wide eyed into the massive dome of the clear night sky above us as we smoked a cigar close to one another.
974	3	a	1:55 AM - I felt an intensely striking sense of passion, clear connection, and pure appreciation for the natural state of the environment. I felt so deeply joyful and gracious to be experiencing the cool embrace of the night air, and gazing up into the cosmic darkness surrounding me. This wonderful euphoric peak lasted about another hour and a half before the gentle comedown period set in. I fell asleep peacefully around 4:00 AM.
975	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
976	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
977	3	a	Initial dose: 80 mg, ingested orally (powdered in a paper ‘bomb’) at about 2 AM
978	3	a	Follow up dose: ~ 100 mg, partly licked of my hand and partly ingested orally at about 4 AM
979	3	a	Last night, while I was at a party in the famous hippie enclave, a charming little village on the outskirts of Amsterdam. The people who live and work there are mainly artists, writers, old hippies and otherwise alternative folks. They host and organize many artistic and cultural activities there. Among which is a monthly goa/psytrance party, which is held in the old church near the center of the village. A party in a church means a wonderful atmosphere of course, heightened by the many projections on the walls and other light effects. The church is rather small though, so apart from a bar and dance floor there isn’t much to see there.
980	3	a	I was quite tired when arriving at the party, due to having a short and troubled sleep the night before. I had been to a conference in Amsterdam during the day, and eaten with a friend afterwards, and I had been doubting whether it would be wise to go to the party.. seeing that the first bus would leave no sooner than 8.30 AM.. making for a long night. So as I went with my friends (eight in total, including me) I had a can of energy drink and some cola for that necessary caffeine rush. Upon arriving at the party, we had a look about and proceeded to dance for some time. When we went for a drink, a friend of mine (we’ll call him D.) told me he had brought some MDMA for me. He’s prepared a lower-than-normal dose, since he knew I’m one for careful experimenting when it comes to psychoactive substances. So, after some talking, me and two other friends decided to try MDMA (a first time for two of us, including me). We each had about the same dose, to theirs had been a normal dose split and put into water. Let’s say about 80 mg. I believe this must have been at about 2 AM. The substance ingested was believed to be pure MDMA, mixed with some baking powder (with 80% MDMA).
981	3	a	After a while I went back inside and started to dancing to the music. It took about 45 mins before I felt a slight tingling of the legs, which I supposed was the first effects of the substance. The onset was slow and steady (I have been told commercial E comes on much faster due to the impurities and other substances which are often in the pills) and almost without noticing I began to feel better. My tiredness started to fade and I began to feel very happy. It wasn’t so much euphoria I experienced, as a feeling of being carefree. I enjoyed talking to my friends and having a good time, and really entered into a state of enjoying to dance to the music, losing interest in what other people might think of me. The (for me) usual bit of anxiety associated with parties with many people and dancing fell away.
982	3	a	My limbs felt very loose and almost weightless, and I was able to follow the rhythm of the music almost effortlessly. I enjoyed moving around a lot (though as I’ve said, the effect wasn’t that strong) and generally talking to people. The sensations I felt were mainly in my head: a ‘buzz’ on my frontal brow, my thinking was slowed down a bit (akin to smoking marijuana in a way) and I felt more open to connect with other people. I started a few random conversations with other people and generally cared more than usual for how they felt. I touched and hugged my friends often which felt very enjoyable (oxycitin kicking in :p).
983	3	a	My two friends who had also taken the MDMA felt something similar, though one of them reported the effects faded very quick and he proceeded to drink more beers.
984	3	a	As for the physical effects: I was able to dance for a long time, felt more warm then usual (had a bit of sweat too). I drank a lot of water, as I had been forewarned of the dangers of dehydration when dancing with MDMA. Peeing was tedious and somewhat difficult.
985	3	a	After about two hours at a stable plateau of effects, I began to start coming down. Since I really enjoyed the sensations so far, and the friend who had brought the MDMA suggested I should take enough to have a really good first time (It’ll never be like the first time, he told me) I asked him for a second dose. This must have been about 120 mg, but we intended to split the dosage and then some of it fell on the ground. So, I licked some of the powder left from my hand (yuck.. bitter) and then thought ‘what the heck’ and just swallowed what was left of the powder with the paper it was in [estimate around 100 mg]. When I began dancing again I began to feel a definite sense of euphoria together with a strong head rush. After a while something shifted in my thought: I felt very clear-headed and understanding. The world suddenly seemed to make complete sense. I went to my friends sitting by the fire to tell them this.. some of them were talking but since they’d smoked a lot of weed we were in a completely different vibe. I saw them having fun and I hear their jokes but the lame type of stoner humor just wasn’t very funny then.
986	3	a	Then I started talking to my other friends (one of them had taken a dose of MDMA too), and then suddenly IT HIT ME. It was a very profound feeling, like a window in the middle of my head had just opened. And God came in. At least, the place of total euphoria in the brain we could call God. I would call it a peak experience or a religious experience.
987	3	a	I really felt, for the first time in my life, completely at ease with the universe and everything in it, including myself. I was able to see myself and all my emotions with absolute clarity. I was able to think quite clear and logical, but not in a detached way. I was very much in tune with my emotions, without being overtaken by them. If God was able to open my head and look in, this is the way he must’ve experience things.
988	3	a	I felt a great sense of gratitude for experiencing this complete euphoria. Why me so small in this great and awe-inspiring universe to experience this total joy. 
989	3	a	Many emotions I had been unaware of before, or I had been suppressing came to the surface. But I wasn’t frightened by them.. I looked at them with understanding and a great feeling of mildness. Complete compassion with myself and all other people, I would say. I felt at home in the universe, everything being safe and feeling completely cared for, like an infant in the cradle. I’ve never felt that way before, and especially during the last few months I was very much out of touch with myself and generally quite miserable.
990	3	a	I talked a lot with the two friends sitting there with me, hugging them and asking them to touch me sometimes. I understood them: the way they felt, the way they acted. Like the many observations and experiences I had with them suddenly came together, connected and gave me a true insight into ‘who they were’. They confirmed many of these thoughts I had about them and myself to be very true and in way, profound. One of them was listening with an expression of awe as I poured out this wisdom. We taped some of the things I said and I can’t wait to listen to them (I was halfway to the experience once we started, unfortunately). I realized why MDMA can be so helpful in psychotherapy: it enabled to me to see myself in a completely honest way, disentangled the many repressed feelings I had been keeping in my stomach, and gave me a clarity of thought to understand and accept it all.
991	3	a	All this time waves of euphoria rushed through my head, which was like an intense but very slow orgasm, lasting endlessly.
992	3	a	I felt very sorry for the negative things I had done and said to other people, the pain I had caused them. But I understood it was all a result of ignorance and fear. Fear of myself and fear of other people. I had never realized before how many of my actions had fear as a underlying emotion. A constantly felled need to protect myself, to not show myself the way I really was, to prevent other people from hurting me.
993	3	a	I asked a friend who was outside to come in, and told her how very sorry I was about the pain I had caused her in the past. I said I never wanted that again, because I loved her (as a friend) and realized how much I cared for her and how I wanted for things to be different between us.
994	3	a	Then, quite suddenly, the complete and godly plateau to which I had been lifted, faded. I felt very cold and alone realizing this feeling of complete oneness with the universe, of complete absence of fear is something I’ll only experience again when I die and my soul is returned to this state. It was profound, it was earth-shattering.. it was probably the most beautiful thing I’ve experienced in my life. I felt so very thankful. It must have lasted for an hour or two (judging by the daylight and what my friends reported), but it felt timeless and too short.
995	3	a	I danced a bit afterwards, but the euphoria began fading and I grew very tired. The feeling of oneness though, of a grown emotional acceptance and insight hasn’t faded so far.
996	3	a	When I was at home again I slept and afterwards had a long talk with my mother, saying sorry for the times I had hurt her and expressing how much I love her. We both cried and hugged and held one another for a long time. When my father came in we did the same. I felt so very clean afterwards, reborn almost. Like a great burden I was carrying around has been lifted.
997	3	a	I intend to call some of my friends to talk to them about the experience, how beautiful it was and the insights I came to about our relationships.
998	3	a	The challenge I now face is to integrate everything I’ve learned and realized into my life. To conquer the fear I realized was there, and to learn to live in a way which is more in tune with my real me, or the kind of ‘god-self’ I felt when using MDMA. I don’t think it will be easy, but I very much feel this experience could be truly life-changing.
999	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1000	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Glowing Experiences (4), Rave / Dance Event (18)
1001	3	a	Finally felt compelled to write a report from taking Ecstasy.  This is the 2nd time I have ever taken it, and my drug experience is pretty limited to alcohol, marijuana, various pharms, nitrous.
1002	3	a	I had taken E for the first time about a month prior to this experience, at a rave with a friend who also had never done it.  Experience was overwhelmingly awesome, positive, and clear.
1003	3	a	On this occasion, we planned to do it for our 2nd time at a John Digweed show.  The pills were blue umbros.
1004	3	a	10:50 AM: Took 1 pill about an hr before Digweed was set to go on.
1005	3	a	11:50: AM Digweed was just about to come out, and I began to feel the familiar happy buzz of the pill kicking in.  Felt happy as can be for the next 10 minutes.
1006	3	a	12:00 PM Digweed starts his set and it was as if someone flipped a switch on my body.  INSTANTLY rolling real real hard, it was incredible.  Lots of eye wiggles, everything felt very fluid like, and the deep bass from Digweed's masterful progressive house was enveloping me.  For the next 20 minutes, I was rolling so hard I had completely lost myself in the music and lights...not quite coherent as to what was going on during this time, other than it felt absolutely amazing and was wickedly intense.  (This differs from my prior experience on E where at no point was I not coherent and clear thinking.)
1007	3	a	12:20 PM  I reached a point from this little 20min mini-trip where it got so strong, that I began to almost worry.  Keep in mind though, this was not a panicky, anxious worry at all.  Just more of like an oh my gosh...what is happening to me right now/this is way overwhelming.  I immediately looked at my friend (who the pill hadn't fully hit yet) and said, 'umm, I think I need to go outside'...so we worked our way outside, and immediately I felt better, back to a more manageable coherent rolling state.   I was so blown away at what had just happened for the last 20 minutes...it was incredible.
1008	3	a	12:30 - 2:10 PM:  Wonderful, clear roll.  Had all the typical MDMA effects...just on the stronger side.  Danced the rest of the show away, completely into the beats.  A couple light shows during this time, which were amazing as always.  Show ended, both my friend and I were still in the middle of our roll though.
1009	3	a	3:00 - 5:00 PM: Got back home, still very much so rolling.  Immediately put on my live DJ Tiesto DVD and blasted it, danced around some more, ate laffy taffy, drank Powerade.  Then we cuddled on the couch for the next 2 hrs, as the roll began to wear off.  Sat there cuddled up, in a completely content, amazingly comfortable state.  Everything felt right, everything felt perfect in our lives.  Nothing but smiles and hugs. Everything felt right, everything felt perfect in our lives.  Nothing but smiles and hugs.  Could not stop listening to music, even though we were beginning to get sleepy.
1010	3	a	6:00PM: Finally went to sleep.  Had no problem sleeping.  Sleep in till about 1pm the next day.
1011	3	a	1:00 PM: Woke up feeling refreshed, happy, and content with life.  For the rest of the afternoon I just walked around the house smiling at how great the night before was.  Pretty much relaxed on the couch for the rest of the afternoon, listening to some good beats.
1012	3	a	4:30 PM: Definitely back to normal, but god I feel happy.  Nothing in the world is bringing me any stress, all my thoughts are pleasant. :-D
1013	3	a	Ecstasy/MDMA is an amazing drug, but even so, it is not something I want to do often.  It is too powerful and needs to be respected.  A few times a year will work out just fine :)
1014	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1015	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Glowing Experiences (4), Music Discussion (22), Festival / Lg. Crowd (24)
1016	3	a	I was at an electronic music festival. My friend woke me up earlier that morning, told me to pop a pill cause they were playing some really good music at the main stage. I popped and headed to dance. After a set or two, the music was cut as everybody was advised to go to the chill out area where a yoga session was about to be given.
1017	3	a	I changed to more fitting clothes, had a few puffs and when to the chill out area. I had dome some yoga before but never got to fully engage in it. 
1018	3	a	As the session began, I started to peak. And with every breathe, posture and position, I felt my body relaxing in to a complete trance-like state. I probably won't be able to describe it but I have never had a clearer understanding of my body and my environment. The positions and stretches made sense and just felt so right. I reached the height of my peak when the instructor struck the sound bowl. A sense of overwhelming positive vibrations, alignment and so much more. 
1019	3	a	After that, I realized how hard I was on myself, struggling for perfection when the truth was very simple. Love and light.
1020	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1021	3	a	Yoga / Bodywork (202), MDMA (3) : Festival / Lg. Crowd (24), Glowing Experiences (4), General (1)
1022	3	a	[This report originally appeared as a typewritten page pasted into Book 2, page 295 of the Shulgin Lab Books.] 
1023	3	a	Start: 9:50 A.M. All participants ingested 100 m.g.
1024	3	a	10:30 All are feeling strongly, Tatiana feels that it hits her very suddenly. We had started in the living room, where there is lots of light and excellent views out of the windows, and a lot of interesting things to out around the room. But when we stepped outside, it seemed to come on stronger.
1025	3	a	We took chairs down to sit under the cottonwood trees, which were most pleasant. A nice breeze caressed us and whispered in the trees. The scenery was magnificent. At first everything seemed too bright, but as we accommodated ourselves to the brilliant sunshine, we began to observe the marvelous detail in the mountains and across plains. he desert foliage was most interesting, and remarkably different from plants on the Coast. Holly felt heavily intoxicated. She has been extremely tired and tense the night before, with appreciable pains in her neck and shoulders. She felt the experience was a great tranquilizer, and her body felt numb.
1026	3	a	11:20 We take supplements, Tatiana and Zeke, 20mg., Holly 10mg. (the balance of our supply), Holly was feeling so heavily intoxicated that at first she thought she would refuse the supplement, but when we learned the distribution of the remaining capsules, she opted for the 10 mg. (I has originally planned to take the 10 and give the girls 20.)
1027	3	a	Tatiana sailed for 3 hours with the experience. At the end of three hours (12:50 p.m.) she suddenly came out of the spontaneous experience, and began corticalizing about her work and life situations.
1028	3	a	I experienced considerable enhancement of perception, but was not as completely into the experience as I have been with large amounts. I experienced a great deal of cortical activity, similar to what I am more used to with LSD, which I have never before experienced with the compound. This was partly the result of our not being too talkative, Holly feeling very relaxed and Tatiana and myself enjoying our experience. I keenly felt the absence of our former companions on this journey.
1029	3	a	After the supplement, we walked around the property for a couple of hours, feeling very content, relaxed., and enjoying the beauty. At first we felt so relaxed we didn't feel like walking, but once we started it was effortless. It felt very good to walk around and look at things.
1030	3	a	2:30 We come back to the living room, all feeling very languid. We sat around and talked for a while, and then Holly and I took naps in which we slept very peacefully. Tatiana read a while, and then took a nap.
1031	3	a	Later in the afternoon, we took showers, which was very refreshing, and has a delightful visit with out neighbors, the Zina's. For my birthday, they took us to dinner at their restaurant, where we had a late dinner. Tatiana ordered a steak, which did not sit too well with her, and that evening had an attack of diarrhea, and her stomach still bothered her the next morning. Otherwise, everything was most pleasant. We enjoyed the Zina's very much, and were very content and peaceful. Holly was greatly relaxed and no longer pushed by the compulsion to clean up to the house immediately.
1032	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1033	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), General (1)
1034	3	a	[This report originally appeared as a typewritten page pasted into Book 2, page 289 of the Shulgin Lab Books.] 
1035	3	a	[Erowid Note: Anonymized names appear to have been done in error, Erowid corrected to Holly as the female discussed throughout story. Should be re-checked at a later date.] 
1036	3	a	Participants: Greg, Elizabeth, Tatiana Ralston, and Holly Ralston
1037	3	a	Background: Greg & Elizabeth were visiting for two days, at the same time that Tatiana arrived for a visit. We spent a very pleasant day visiting, but Holly was not feeling well. She reports that she was suffering a horrendous depression, anxiety, and felt exhausted,-completely below the line. Greg noticed her state, and suggested that an MDMA experience would be helpful. All agreed, and Tatiana had been hopeful that she would have an opportunity to repeat the experience, as she had gotten so much from her first one. So the experiment was conducted on the following afternoon, after the practical matters of the arrangements were completed, including the weighing of the doses.
1038	3	a	2:20 p.m, All ingest 120 m.g. of MDMA except Holly, who started with 100 m.g.
1039	3	a	The experience developed nicely for everyone. It was a perfectly beautiful day, the air nice and warm, bright and sunny, with marvelous visibility and the colors of fall showing on the mountain. We walked around the property, and responded to the beauty of the surroundings. After an hour we returned to the house and sat outside on the deck. By this time, everyone has blossomed and opened up and were feeling marvelous. Holly became deeply relaxed, and all of her troubles melted away. Everyone's faces became soft, young looking, and took on an transcendental look. The experience seemed particularly rich and deep.
1040	3	a	3:50 p.m. All took a supplement of 40 m.g. including Holly which is the largest supplement she has taken. The experience continued to design for everyone, and we had a marvelous time being together, sharing each other, and feeling the depth of our experience. We felt a particular blessed group, as we all fit in so well together. We could not get over how effective this agent is in permitting everyone to drop their concerns, complete relax, and feel the deep warmth of their inner being.
1041	3	a	5:00 p.m. (approximately) We moved inside to listen to music. I put on the tape of the Grieg Lyric Pieces, which we listened to in its entirety (90 minutes). We were extremely at piece, the music was outstandingly beautiful, and seemed to aid us all in going much deeper within ourselves. We felt the experience to be particularly profound. Tatiana left during the music to visit a neighbor, and came back later. We ate lightly, soup and bread, and yet it seemed completely adequate and satisfying. Then we listened to Tatiana sing as she played the guitar, and it seemed also very appropriate and maintained the group bond.
1042	3	a	The afterglow the next day seemed particularly outstanding. Everyone felt it had been a particularly moving experience, and it was difficult to separate. Holly was totally changed and had risen completely about the line, where she has remained since.
1043	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1044	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Relationships (44), General (1)
1045	3	a	I tried writing about my first experience with Ecstasy in my diary, but I think I left it too long and some of the memories had faded.  This time, I want to record everything I can remember while it's still fresh!  So it's the day after, and I'm sitting at my pc chilling out with some Zero 7 on the stereo.  As with my first time on E, my 'supplier' was my Dad.  Perhaps this is a bit strange, but my parents have vast experience with recreational drugs compared to me.  Virtually no one else I know does anything more than smoke cannabis.  Also I can trust my parents to give me the good stuff - as they know what they're doing and have already tried some of the batch.  
1046	3	a	So my Dad and I had some tickets to see UK dance act Underworld.  You may have heard their most famous song 'Born Slippy' back in the 90's.  When my Dad spoke to me about the gig a few weeks ago, he notified me that he had some Ecstasy saved up for it and would offer me some at the time.  I was excited about the prospect, but also a little nervous.  I had enjoyed my first experience with the drug over a year ago, at a festival in Holland while watching the Prodigy.  But I hadn't had any since, and find it hard to block out the alarming 'drugs will kill you' messages that I had been fed at school.
1047	3	a	Anyway I hurried over to my parents house for some quick food before the 7pm 'doors open' time.  My Dad advised me to take the E before eating dinner as he claimed it would take an hour to kick in.  He told me 'Two tablets is a low dose, five is rather a lot.'  Being a cautious creature, I was happy just to take two.  He had four.  I swallowed them down quickly with some mineral water.  My much younger brother was in the house and we didn't want him to see anything.  We sat down to eat the food my Dad had made.  After no more than twenty minutes I started to feel very cold.  I wasn't sure, was it the drugs, was it just a bit cold?  The hairs on my arms were standing up.  Soon after, still eating, I experienced a 'swimmy' feeling and felt unco-ordinated.  I said to my Dad, 'I'm feeling a bit funny already.'  He said I might be right.  The food became rather unappetising after that and I couldn't finish it.  I quickly went upstairs to change my top and put some make up on.  When I looked in the mirror I could see my pupils were huuuuge.  I decided against using my eyeliner - I was afraid I might poke it into my eye! 
1048	3	a	I went downstairs again and we hurried to leave.  We'd only been able to get seated tickets and wanted to be sure of a good view.  The venue wasn't far away, but we planned to get a bus to be there in plenty of time.  It happened that there was an international football game on and the area was full of drunken football fans going into the city centre to celebrate after the match.  Before we left I called my partner and tried to leave him a message, but I realised I was incoherent and said I would talk to him later.  As we were about to leave he rang me back and I talked a little to him while we walked to the bus stop.  I could hardly focus on what he was saying however and felt an urgency about getting to the gig, so I soon said goodbye to him.  
1049	3	a	We waited a bit and managed to get on a bus.  We sat at the back chattering nonsense, anticipating the gig and so on.  Suddenly my Dad said, 'Oh my God, I don't have THE TICKETS!'  He looked at me in horror.  I had a better grip on reality than he did, and quickly jumped up saying we'd have to get off the bus.  We had to push past a lot of drunk men who had got on after us.  As I passed a man near the front he said jovially, 'Have a good night!' Then he looked at me more closely and said, 'I'm sure you will...'  I thought he must have noticed my huge eyes.  
1050	3	a	Luckily we hadn't gone far and jogged back up towards the house.  Evidently my Dad found me too slow and said he would just run ahead and get the tickets.  I slowed to an ambling speed, content just to wander up the road feeling high.  I felt very relaxed and safe.  As I reached the end of my parents' street, my Dad reappeared with the tickets in hand.  Then he said, 'Oh but I don't have any change for the bus now.'  I commented that this is what happens when you take the drugs before you set off, but he didn't think that was why he'd forgotten the tickets.  
1051	3	a	We dithered on the corner for a few minutes.  My Dad was highly confused by the choices: go back to the house for change, get a taxi instead, or just quickly walk up the road to the venue?  I was feeling restless and said, 'Why are we hanging around on this corner?'  I felt that we might dither there forever.  At that my Dad jogged back up the road towards the house without saying anything.  I made as if to follow him, but suddenly I was uncertain about which direction he had gone in.  I waited patiently for him to come back, totally unconcerned.  The area was unusually busy due to the football, people coming and going constantly.  I seemed to hear a lot of sirens as well, but perhaps the drugs were exaggerating it.  In all there was a sense of relentless activity and excitement that matched my state of mind quite well.  I felt as if I was in the middle of something big, even though I was just standing around watching people walk past.   
1052	3	a	Suddenly he reappeared and we started walking very quickly towards the venue.  I felt light and floaty, it was easy to hurry along.  It was much later than we had intended by now, although my perception of time was very distorted and I kept checking it on my phone.  We chatted away, feeling more relaxed now that we were on the move.  I had an awfully dry mouth by this time so we stopped in a corner shop to buy some water.  We sipped some and I felt better.  At the start of our walk I felt very cold and my Dad gave me his jacket to wear.  But by the time we reached the corner shop I was feeling very warm and gave him back the jacket, taking off my sweater as well.  
1053	3	a	My Dad was still slightly worried about finding a good seat, but I felt very relaxed about it and felt strongly that we would have a good time no matter what.  Such optimism and lack of anxiety is strange to me.  Lots of busses passed us, but they weren't even stopping any more as they were crammed full of people and no more could get on.  I was glad to be walking instead of trapped there with so many people.  We suddenly arrived at the venue.  We could tell nothing much was happening yet as loads of people were just milling around outside.  We hurried in, and were patted down by security.  They took my bottle of water away, which I thought a little mean but not suprising.  I bounded towards the entrance to the main hall, forgetting that the seated area was upstairs.  The ticket checker turned me away towards the stairs.  
1054	3	a	As we approached, we saw a man and a woman standing at the bottom of the stairs.  They offered to swap their standing tickets for our seated tickets.  It sounded too good to be true, so my Dad asked them why they wanted to sit.  The man explained that the woman was pregnant, even pulling aside her jacket to demonstrate the bump.  We examined their tickets alongside ours in case they were forgeries - one of the things I like about ecstasy, in comparison to alcohol for example, is that people seem less likely to make stupid mistakes.  Satisfied that the tickets were real we happily swapped and headed back to the main hall, amazed at our luck.  I felt a little apprehensive approaching the same ticket checker with a different ticket, but she didn't remark on it.  Once inside we went to the bar and got cups of water with ice.  Despite all our delays, the hall was virtually empty and the support band hadn't even started.  We sat down on the floor and chattered away again.  The amphetamine side of E seems to affect me quite strongly and the urge to talk is very strong.  Perhaps because I'm naturally quite reticent, my mind welcomes the opportunity to spill out all its thoughts instead of holding them in. 
1055	3	a	At this point my Dad offered me more E and I decided to take one more.  He passed it to me in a clandestine fashion and I swallowed it straight away.  We talked away and sipped our water.  I was very aware of not drinking too much.  At one point I went to the toilets, only to find I couldn't pee.  I reported this to my Dad - not information I would normally share with anyone!  He reassured me that funny things like that sometimes happen on E.  Eventually the support band came on and we stood up, dancing a little but saving our energy for the main act.  As the hall gradually filled up, there seemed to be a mass feeling of anticipation - something amazing was surely just around the corner.
1056	3	a	After the support band we sat down again for a while, talking the whole time.  When Underworld finally walked onto the stage the crowd went crazy.  It seemed like a lot of people, although not everyone, had taken something similar to what we had.  I haven't so far really experienced love for strangers or a wish to hug them while on Ecstasy.  Don't get me wrong - I love to see the other people dancing and soak in the atmosphere.  I do feel some kinship with the other people, especially if I think they are on drugs too.  I feel far more tolerant of sweaty people being in close contact with me than I normally would. But it feels more like benevolence than affection.
1057	3	a	We danced like crazy, each new track sounding better than the last.  Despite this, I still kept checking the time and notified my Dad when an hour had passed so that we could go get another drink.  Again I felt impressed that I could remember to check the time when I was otherwise so carried away with it all.  I decided to have an orange juice this time, thinking something with a taste would reduce the temptation to gulp it down.  We went back to dance again, I benevolently allowed a man to have a sip of my orange juice so he could wash down some drugs he was taking.  I was clenching my jaw and grinding my teeth quite a lot, the next morning I discovered my lip was horribly swollen where I had bitten it.  I'd bitten the inside of my cheek and my tongue as well.
1058	3	a	I remember dancing a lot and being very sweaty, but the rest of the gig is a bit of a blur of music, lights and people.  A few moments stand out very vividly however.  When they played Born Slippy, everyone loved it of course.  As the last few bars of the music rang out, the crowd was bathed in a strong white light and everyone waved their arms ecstatically, or I think they did since I couldn't actually see much.  I had this very strange idea that this was an accurate representation of the gates of heaven.  I don't even believe in heaven, but I just thought that if it existed it would be like this - this light and this music welcoming us all.  It was truly transcendent and as I type, just thinking about it produces a strong emotional response in me.  
1059	3	a	Another point I remember is when they played a song called 'King of Snake'.  The only lyrics I'd ever made out from this song before were basically 'King of snake, king of snake'.  This time however, I could swear he was sometimes singing 'You've got to drink, drink, drink, drink and pee, drink and pee.'  Then later, 'There's a lot of teeth grinding, teeth grinding.'  Naturally I took this to be a direct reference to, or even advice to, the people in the crowd who had taken Ecstasy.  This knowledge of, and acceptance of, the drug use of the audience made me feel like there was a strong connection and sympathy between Underworld and the rest of us.  Another time I remember is when the screen on the stage showed the audience - everyone cheered and waved at themselves.  Then the pictures of the audience started to move about, in a way that was very reminiscent of how people move when they dance.
1060	3	a	Then it was the end.  As always I felt like it couldn't possibly have been long enough.  I marvelled at how my back and shoulders didn't hurt at all after standing so long.  We left the venue and walked back up the road, enthusing about the gig.  I still felt very high and tried to persuade my Dad to come clubbing with me.  He wouldn't, so I made arrangements to meet my friend and her sisters at some random club they were in.  We got back to the house and I changed out of my sweaty clothes into something better for clubbing.  
1061	3	a	My Dad and brother came with me to the bus stop as it was late now.  My Dad sneaked me another tablet wrapped in some plastic to keep me going for the rest of the night.  No busses were coming anymore so eventually I got into a taxi.  The taxi driver wasn't in the mood to chat, which immediately put a downer on my mood.  We sat in stoney silence until he dropped me off near the club.  I hurriedly swallowed the fourth tablet, without any water or much saliva, some of it seemed to get stuck in mouth.  It tasted and felt awful.  Then I went into the club.  I saw my friend and her sisters dancing, but went to the bar first for some free water to wash away the remnants of the last E.
1062	3	a	The music was quite awful.  I believe they were playing Queen when I arrived.  I don't really mind Queen but it was definitely not what I wanted to hear just then.  I went to sit with my friend, but I was feeling quite brought down by the terrible music and wasn't really in the mood to talk inanely any more.  Also I could see that my friend and her sisters weren't even drunk - they seemed obnoxiously sober and boring.  The other people in the club were even worse, they were ugly and old - celebrating the win at football by extending their beer bellies.  I longed for the edgy and exciting atmosphere at the gig or just to be around people who were on drugs too.  
1063	3	a	More terrible music followed and I tried repeatedly to entice my friend away to a more exciting club, even offering to pay for her entrance.  My friend agreed that the music was bad, but said she wasn't planning to stay out late anyway.  Relations between her and sister 1 were bad and she was tired.  This was quite a blow to my plans of dancing all night in a rave-like fashion.  I decided I would just go home when she left.  She then told her sisters she wanted to go home, sister 1 also wanted to go home.  Sister 2 was very annoyed because she wanted to stay but would not stay on her own.  Sister 2 and I never got on and I suspect she blamed me for persuading my friend to go home early - which was not what I had wanted at all!
1064	3	a	Eventually we all left and I endured more stoney silence in the taxi with them.  I was relieved to get home and find my Dad still up.  He'd not only taken another E, he was also drinking beer and smoking cannabis.  My brother came down to see me although he should really have been asleep.  My mum woke up as well and came to talk to us for a bit.  Then they went back upstairs and I sat with my Dad.  He seemed quite mellow and I was feeling a bit low after the terrible club experience, so we were content to sit talking, listening to good music and watching random TV on mute.  He offered me some beer but I don't like to mix things and opted for some apple juice.  
1065	3	a	I was still quite high from the final E, but it was very different to earlier.  I was a little disappointed about the clubbing but it was nice to sit and be warm, listening to some decent music.  A song by Primal Scream with the words, 'Drifting, drifting' repeated many times made me feel very peaceful.  I was definitely coming down but I still had this wierd feeling that something great was about to happen.  It was annoying that my rational mind kept interfering to tell me nothing much was going to happen except going to bed soon and not getting much sleep.  
1066	3	a	I tried drinking a cup of tea, but it made my mouth feel very dry and shrivelled.  I felt a bit hungry but couldn't actually think of an appetizing food.  I remembered a lovely fruit salad I'd had on my previous E experiment - I'd walked around looking at it for ages before remembering it was supposed to be eaten.  Eventually my Dad and I had run out of things to say and I decided to go to bed.  It was about 3:30am by then and I had to get up at a decent time to get the train home.  
1067	3	a	It took ages for me to fall asleep, then I woke up every couple of hours to go the toilet.
1068	3	a	This experience has told me what should have been obvious, even on ecstasy I need to be surrounded by appealing people and good music to have a good time.  Next time I hope my partner will be with me and take some too, it's an experience I'd love to share with him.  Also I can trust him to go to a good club with me!
1069	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1070	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Music Discussion (22), Families (41), Club / Bar (25)
1071	3	a	I want to share with anyone out there an experience that I had way back when, and haven't really had the chance to tell anyone about. Mostly because I forgot about it until just recently. First though I'll give you a short introduction.
1072	3	a	Years ago when I had first started my journey in to drugs I never imagined I would be enveloped in the crazy world that I ended up in. I did know that I would try anything that came my way as long as I knew everything I possibly could about it though. I went through various drugs starting in my early teens, but my drug of choice ended up being Ecstacy. After 6 months or so of delving in to the world of raves, parties, and ecstacy I had become quite experienced but also careless. The more I partied the more drugs I began to consume at a now understood, alarming rate. 
1073	3	a	After a weekend of actually partying sober and trying to stay up with friends who were on speed, mdma, and weed I was totally exhausted. We just got back from another run to the store and my friends were spinning records in the living room. I was thinking about heading to bed because I simply didn't have the strength to be up any longer. My friend A offered a hit of a joint before I headed to bed and I was happy to take it. Just as I was making my way to a room to crash in our friend L showed up with a new batch of tabs called Blue Armanis. L was feeling generous and asked if anyone wanted to try the new stuff. In the back of my mind I knew I should have just gone to sleep, in the back of my mind I knew the better thing to do would be just to get the tab and save it for later. It's funny how excitement can override common sense isn't it?
1074	3	a	I took a tab from L as did everyone else, and everyone kept on with what they were doing. I told L that I'm going to take a quick nap and to wake me up in about 30 minutes if he didn't mind. He said fine so I went to the room and crashed hard the second I hit the bed. The next thing I know I'm having the most vivid and incredible dreams I've had to date. Apparently L forgot about me asking him to wake me up and I ended up sleeping and woke up as I was starting to peak. I woke feeling like the sexiest man in the world, and amazingly I woke up with a rock hard erection. I laid back in the bed and stretched like anyone does when they first wake up, but I felt as though my arms and legs would shoot through the walls. I felt like my penis was going to explode. 
1075	3	a	Reluctantly I got up and checked to see who was around still and why they didn't wake me up. I began to get the telltale euphoria but it kicked in all at once with no warning. With the biggest shit eating grin ever I walked in to the living room and gave my friend Kt a hug from behind. She squeeled with excitement and turned around to see that it was me. Her face was the most beautiful thing I've ever seen, and was to distracted to notice I still had an erection. She looked down and as she did I remembered and almost became embarassed until she kissed me and took me back to the room. I'll spare the details but suffice it to say this was the most mindblowing sex I've ever had. 
1076	3	a	Afterwards we cuddled, talked, and by then I was starting to come down. I told her what had happened and she didn't believe me until we got up and she found L. As it turns out he had to run to get rid of the rest of what he had given us and forgot to tell someone else about me. I didn't mind though, and actually thanked him and gave him a huge hug, sans the erection this time. Kt and I told everyone good night and went back to bed to cuddle and fall asleep. 
1077	3	a	I don't suggest anyone try to mimic this because I honestly have no clue if it was a healthy thing to do. To this day I've never tried to do that again, but have had less than equal experiences with opiates and sleeping. I don't think anything can quite compare to waking up and already be peaking on some really good ecstacy.
1078	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1079	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Sex Discussion (14), Glowing Experiences (4), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1080	3	a	I'm writing this report about a week after my experience, I will do my best to report 
1081	3	a	as accurately as possible. This was my first time when experimenting with MDMA, which I obtained in crystal form.
1082	3	a	Me and J were attending a UK music festival. Over the course of the first two days, we took moderate amounts of cannabis and alcohol, nothing interesting to report there!
1083	3	a	Anyways, on the third day we got chatting to our 'neighbours' (the people camped next to us) and we found they had an amount of MDMA which they could sell to us. While I'm usually cautious buying unknown white powders from complete strangers, they seemed trustworthy and in truth we were coaxing THEM into selling us some from their personal stash, so I thought I'd make an exception. We bought 0.6g for £15, intending to split it 3 ways, between myself, J and Rob (a more experienced MDMA user we knew who
1084	3	a	Seeing as this J and me's first time, we split our share into 4 .1gram doses and folded them into seperate rolling papers to make a 'bomb'. Also worth noting is that I undertook this experience on a practically empty stomach, while J had just eaten a huge meal. This probably goes a long way in explaining the latency of his 'come up'.
1085	3	a	6:00 - Me and J took the first dose of .1g, then headed off into the stage area to watch some of the bands playing. The tent was completely packed with people and I was getting claustrophbic and irate, so much for MDMA the great empathogen I thought! Obviously the MDMA had not taken effect yet.
1086	3	a	6:30 - We left the stage area and began to wonder around, I began to feel lighter, sort of like I was floating or bouncing along as I was walking, I did not mention anything to J or Rob because I feared this was a placebo effect.
1087	3	a	7:00 - I'm talking incessantly to Rob, starting to 'come up' though I don't realise this until I'm told how dilated my pupils are. During this time my vision seems to shift occasionaly, almost imperceptably to the left or right. I'm very thirsty and am drinking a lot of water, Rob warns me not to overhydrate. The high is quite unlike my expectations, although I can very clearly feel its influence over me, I still felt mentally intact and capable of looking after myself. J still isn't feeling anything, I assure him that he will soon. 
1088	3	a	7:30/8:00 - The high is really kicking in, I keep on wondering off from J and Rob and starting up random conversations with strangers. I don't have any inhibitions or feelings of self conciousness, just wanting to 'go with the flow', both literally and figuratively. Though I still feel slightly restrained, ensuring I don't get seperated from J and Rob. During this time, J has become impatient and has dropped his second dose. A short time after he informs me that he too is experencing similar symptoms to me (obviously the first dose finally kicking in). I grow a little aprehensive about J, 
1089	3	a	fearing that when the second dose hits it might be too strong for him.
1090	3	a	8:30/9:00 - We spend some time in one of the many music tents, it feels very easy to move in rhythm to the music, in fact its very difficult NOT to. I also noted that I was quickly distracted, for instance I might me completely involved in a particular song at one moment, then stop dead in my tracks and become fascinated by the patterns of the strobe lighting the next. I genuinely feel that J and I are sharing an experience, we hug lots. At about this time I began to feel the euphoric buzz I experienced earlier was wearing off, so I decide to take my second dose.
1091	3	a	9:30/10:00 - Eventually we decide to leave the stage area and move into the camping section. This area still has plenty of tents blaring out music, but it feels much more relaxed and easier to meet new people. The second dose is hitting me hard, but not in a bad way. This is perhaps my favourate aspect of MDMA, the massive rush of energy building within, almost like a great beast growing within me. I feel no compulsion to fight the feeling or to control it in any way, it feels completely natural. J seems really spaced out alot of the time, but he assures me everything is ok. I'm finding it really easy to connect with other people we meet, especially those also using MDMA. 
1092	3	a	10:00/12:00 - We make plenty of new friends and invite them back to Robs camp. At about this time I begin to experience jaw chattering, this was only a minor inconvience although it made it difficult for me to speak, which was all I wanted to do! One of our new friends (who was also on E) gave me a piece of chewing gum which resolved my problem happily. Though this might seem an insignificant detail to you, it really stuck in my head because it was symbolic of my entire experience. Here we were, just some complete strangers who genuinely cared about each other. there was no profit or personal gain, we were all just together, for the sake of being together. Robs camp was pretty active, with plenty of people comming and going, but that STILL wasn't enough. I was craving new people, new perspectives, every new voice I heard seemed to be like another piece of a cosmic jigsaw. I wanted to know everything about everyone, 'where are you from?' 'where do you want to be?'. I'd like to point about that I felt in control and capable of rational thought throughout this.
1093	3	a	12:00+ - Around this time it feels like the effects of the MDMA have worn off for me first, then later for J. The euphoria and exitement has disapeared, and what seemed like the greatest party in the world a few hours ago is increasingly looking like a cold, muddy field. Me and J relax, smoke a little bud, and contemplate our experience. The verdict: Defintely trying this again! And we did for the rest of the weekend.
1094	3	a	Aftereffects: None, I didn't experience any kind of 'comedown' and post e depression.
1095	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1096	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Festival / Lg. Crowd (24)
1097	3	a	Interlude: Prior to this experience it had been about 2 months since I last took MDMA (In pill form). I am very conservative about how I do pills and prefer to save them for very special occasions. So far I have only taken pills 3 times before this experience.
1098	3	a	INTRODUCTION - THE BEGGINING STUFF (scroll down if these bits bore you. lazy bastards)
1099	3	a	So I was traveling into London for the monthly Whirl-y-gig, this time at London Bridge. Whirl-y-gig is a sort of psycadelic rave and social gathering (google it). It features a dance floor, chillout areas and places to buy drinks. The event is a safe haven for psychoactive users (I hate using the term 'drug') and there is a lot of Ecstasy and Weed consumption that is performed quietly, but not illegally at the whirl-y-gig. Prior to taking part at the event we were told by My friend Alex that he could acquire pure MDMA powder, to which he 'claimed' had no come-down and just fades away (to which I was quite skeptical of). But I had been socializing for an hour and felt quite settled into the environment, the occasion was a rare one, and I decided I would try a small dose of MDMA for the experience. The powder was sold in rizlas that were scrunched up into tiny balls. They contained 125mg of powder each. I am a bit wary buying from dealers at events and stuff, but that night caution was in the wind. Me and my friend Steve decided we would both take half, I bit mine in half and swallowed the smaller piece - then washed down with water.
1100	3	a	Like every time I have taken Ecstasy/MDMA the waiting period was a little anxious, now and again gauging yourself and trying to judge an effect (will I even come up?) But after about 45 minutes the onset was very slow and gradual. Not like the quick rushes I sometimes get with pills, this was much more slowly paced. About 1 hour and 20 minutes I was feeling great, exertive and friendly. The social atmosphere was natural. We decided to hit the dance floor to really get our blood pumping. Moving around and losing myself to the music was easy and enjoyable. I have never had a problem dancing, in fact I am quite confident in person. But I was really able to exert my creativity and flow into interesting motions etc.
1101	3	a	After exhausting myself and getting some drinks of water I socialized for a bit. The powder was not a completely clean experience however, as after about 2 hours of the effects the “flatline” started to waver and conversations were breaking up now and again. I decided that I would focus on the trippy lights and visuals they had projected on the walls when I couldn’t socialize, and told myself that any negative thoughts or feelings are only products of the substance. Try to ignore it. (much easier said than done I know, but you can apply it!) After some ups and downs in the group and some crazy adventures, another hour and a half later we were all pretty calm. The MDMA powder had gradually faded like it was supposed to, but some of my friends still felt a little empty or neutral. I felt the last of the powders emotional effects were over, and that I now felt sober once more. This felt good though, because the experience was interesting, insightful and positive.
1102	3	a	Not in a particularly socializing mood, I felt more up for listening to some more music on the dancefloor (Electronic/IDM) – However I never did have a lot of stamina for dancing, so I decided to sit and watch the crowd and enjoy the music. It was then that I made the conscious decision to rave from where I was seated – I could headbang and use my hands all whilst sitting down. This was not a product of the MDMA, but rather the afterglow of the positive experience. I thought to myself that this is what whirl-y-gig is all about – It doesn’t matter what I do or how I do it – as long as I'm enjoying myself. A concept I noticed that wasn’t present on the dance floor.
1103	3	a	So I began to really let myself go and not care how I seemed or appeared, what matters is that -I- love what I'm doing. Body language and psychology will transmit this to everyone around me. I literally raved and jigged about as if I was alone for about 2 hours – people began to sit by me, take pictures of me – A few people came and shook my hand, my mate Harry spotted me and came over (I think he was feeling a bit drained from the ecstasy he took) and I told him how I’d come off the MDMA but had been listening to music for and hour, and about how I had work in the morning at 11:00 and it was about 4 or 5. He looked like he felt sorry for me, but I told him it was worth it, which it most certainly was. This comment amazed him and he promptly ran off to dance with a big grin. I blocked out the majority of things going on around me just to zone in the music – but it was awesome to know that I had inspired these people just by truly expressing myself without a concern for judgment. 
1104	3	a	For 2 solid hours I truly expressed my love for electronic music – Something that is impossible with words and verbal communication. My love for it goes much deeper than that. And so I expressed it through attitude, energy and body language. I took those 2 hours of self-esteem with me, back home, and the next day too. In fact I took a great deal from the whirl-y-gig experience, to which I can now apply to future “endeavors”.
1105	3	a	Sure, there were some ups and downs. But it happens – I think it can be part of the experience, if only to teach resistance to negative thoughts and feel positive about the smaller negative things in life. Ecstasy can teach me so much about how to be myself. How to relax and not focus on smaller negatives. How to consciously change my outlook on things if I apply what I experienced to how I live my life. That doesn’t mean that I can be “happy” with the flick of a switch, but my “attitude” can simply prevail over certain situations.
1106	3	a	Personally I am quite a sociable person but I also need introverted time to myself, that means that when I don’t feel I have much to say or aren’t very sociable I take some time to go and do something without my friends and enjoy the atmosphere around me. That doesn’t make me an introvert either, but it allows me to come back feeling refreshed and more engaged in discussion etc. My friends understand this, and thus we function more closely as a group because of it.
1107	3	a	So there it is, my experience with pure MDMA powder. The powder itself wasn’t all that. It had upsy-downy bits that were weird, but it was what I brought to the experience that made it great.
1108	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1109	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Festival / Lg. Crowd (24)
1110	3	a	About half an hour ago I got a call from a friend who is into the whole ecstasy thing. Now, I was never really compelled to eat any ecstasy pills because of their notorious impurity. However, tonight, curiosity got the better of me, as usual. So he asked if I would like to buy some, after a thought or two, possibly three, I said sure, why not, what the fuck. So the pills are greenish, kind of teal. They are round with an omega sign on the front, the bottom is beveled, while the front is less so. My stomach is all but empty. All I had today was a snack bag of gardhettos, two cigarettes, and a couple starbursts. Come to think of it, I’m hungry. Anyway, I just got home from work about an hour and a half ago, so I’m tired, but quite content, I would say I’m generally happy. If all goes as planned I shall soon be ecstatic. Pun intended ,). I have next to me a bottle of water to refill throughout the night.
1111	3	a	Just two observations so far, I am experiencing slight nausea, extremely similar to the nausea I experience before the onset of any psychedelic, noticeable, but not overpowering. This might just be my empty stomach. Also I feel slightly warmer that I should be. My room is quite cold at night, as my room is in the basement. Usually I have a blanket wrapped around me when on the computer at night, but I feel quite warm! A pleasant side-effect. 
1112	3	a	I was afraid I would not have an experience at all, because most positive effects I read about come from interactions with other people, and I am all but alone, my only companion being my faithful, ever-loving dog Chico a.k.a. Chic the sneak. Maybe we should call him C for privacy purposes. But I am definitely beginning to feel some effects. Nausea is more pronounced, lights and colors are very warm and bright. My hands and feet are sweating very slightly, which means my body temp is definitely higher than normal. My heart rate has increased approximately 10 bpm. Leather feels very good, so good, so cool, almost dark and mysterious. Now, the increase in bpm and sweating, I also experience those effects on meth. However the difference is that on meth, it is frightening, sometimes to the point that I fear for my life. But on ecstasy I am not afraid.
1113	3	a	Oh I feel so incredibly wonderful. I wish I could share this feeling with everyone, this harmony with the cosmos, this ambrosial beatitude, this transcendent love radiating from me throughout the entire universe. This love that mingles among the trees and waters of the earth, and the songs of birds, beasts, and men. I was meditating for about twenty minutes before I remembered that I was writing report, lol. It was so awesome. I don’t mean awesome as it is so frequently abused now-a-days. I mean awe inspiring. I mean so grand and great it tears me down to my knees in awe! Perfectly dreadful! Also, my jaw is clenching, which is quite unpleasant. My vision is slightly blurred, when I move my head a lot it is quite dizzying. Music is wonderful. Cigarettes taste wonderful, nice and spicy. I was rolling my cigarette, and got a bit of tobacco stuck in the back of my throat. For some reason I got the urge to stick my finger down my throat and get it out. I stuck my finger DOWN there. But I did not gag. This is an effect I have not previously heard of. Also I was rough-housing with my dog, and as I was rolling around on the ground, getting him to chase me, I scratched my shoulder on a nail sticking out of my chair. The cut is extremely deep. Blood is still oozing out, but it does not hurt. These two effects lead me to believe that MDMA has a certain analgesic affect. I’m going to get some peroxide…
1114	3	a	Well, I definitely passed the peak of this experience. As I first begin to come down, I feel sad. I want to take another, who wouldn’t want to experience sublime perfection continuously? To attempt to alleviate my sudden depression and disappointment, I repeated the words. “I do not feel the need to repeat that experience at this time,” over and over again. This helped a lot. I don’t really know what to say now. Before, I was so inspired to communicate my feelings in this report. But now, I don’t feel the need to communicate with you ordinary experience, wake up tomorrow and go to work, and then you’ll get plenty of that for yourself.
1115	3	a	I feel sober as a brick, rock, or republican. Take your pick of adjectives!
1116	3	a	After a bit of research I have decided to take another pill. I don’t see any need to continue from here. Everything above is my experience as it happened, which was my goal.
1117	3	a	Ecstasy is a grand drug. It is perfect, divine and utterly wonderful. It sure lives up to the name, ecstasy. This drug is special, so special in fact that I probably won’t partake again for a few months.
1118	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1119	3	a	MDMA (3) : Alone (16), First Times (2), General (1)
1120	3	a	While it may be that the substance described is pure MDMA, Ecstasy/Molly tablets and powders are notoriously impure, misrepresented, or adulterated. Ecstasy sold in retail contexts such as festivals or parties often contain chemicals other than MDMA.] 
1121	3	a	[Erowid Note: This substance was sold as Ecstasy, but readers should be aware there are aspects of the report that suggest that the contents of the pills were not MDMA.  We've marked the substance as 'unknown'.]  
1122	3	a	It was a cool summer afternoon in beautiful WA, and the setting was a pretty big party called 'Water' out in the boonies, and was scheduled for the whole weekend. Ok when I say big, I guess I am really meaning like 10000+ people all converged into one massive rave with 7 stages, 2 of them revolving, and a huge list of DJs. Me and 3 other friends drove out to the location and proceeded to set up our tents since we already knew that we would be to fucked up to set them up later. After the tents were set up, we proceeded on our hunt for some good drugs. Ecstasy was really our drug of choice at that time, so we asked around, and finally found a guy who had 'some good shit'.
1123	3	a	The guy was kinda shady after a little bit of reflection on the deal, but he called the pills 'mini amsterdams', which was a new name that neither I, nor my friends, had ever heard of. All of us have a good amount of experience with MDMA, but I swear sometimes you hear a new name, or stamp every week. The pills were white, 75mg as an estimate, and slightly oval in shape. I bought 2, and 1 other friend 'D' bought 2 as well. And we both popped one each, after the deal was done. Now most the time I do a little trick to figure out if my pill is really a MDMA, and I'll hold the pill on my tongue for less then a minute. From my past experience, ecstacy is very bitter, and has a memorable taste, and usually I'm pretty good with my little talent.
1124	3	a	I don't remember exactly, but I must have been satisfied with my analysis, and convinced my friend it was OK to take his. All 4 of us decided to go check out the music since it was getting well underway. I felt quite normal for the first 2 hours, and my friend said the same thing. We both decided to take the remaining pill that we both had. After about a half hour afterwards, I knew that I was starting to feel something. Kind of light headed at first. Suddenly things started to turn for the worse. When it did, it caught me completely off guard. I was just dancing and out of nowhere, I start to vomit, and its almost like when a water hose is turned on. A solid jet of water shooting about 4 feet from me. The weirdest thing about it, was that there was absolutely no nausea at all. My stomach would clench, and I would shoot water out my mouth. I would be ok for 30 seconds, and then it would happen again. Luckily I hadn't eaten all day, and really just had water in my belly up until that point. Almost immediately after my legs felt like rubber, and walking was a task in itself. I knew from that point that it wasn't E that I had taken, but something else.
1125	3	a	With a good amount of panic setting in, and with my friends nowhere in sight, I decided that I should try to find our tent to lay down. So I start to make my way back to where I hope that would be, and every single persons' face that I look at, starts to twist and malform into diabolical shapes of terror. Each face, with this completely evil grimace, and rows of sharp fangs, and empty eyes staring back at me. It's really the mouths that truly scared the shit out of me, they constantly shake and move almost like the person it belongs to is chanting some incantation under its breath. In my perception I'm walking around literally thousands of demons, that look as if they are all about to rip me and my soul apart. Some make eye contact with me, but I don't feel evil intentions in any of them, its just those goddamn ravenous mouths. As much as I can, I try to avoid looking at anyone, completely out of fear.
1126	3	a	After walking what seemed an eternity though these waves of malevolent beings, I come across the tent area. There are thousands of people here and a good portion are camping the whole weekend, so the tent area is really spread out into a tent metropolis. There are tents EVERYWHERE, and I have a head full of some unknown potent psychedelic substance that is tearing my sanity apart, and I am completely lost. I stumbled into a couple of tents hoping that I was in the right tent, but I'm only met with kind strangers looking at me oddly, as oddly as I'm staring back at them, watching their faces continually contort and shift, and yes the mouths are just as menacing as they were earlier. One tent I stumbled in had 3-4 people (that I remember) that seemed to be more or less naked and writhing together, making quite erotic noises. Amazingly they weren't upset, and asked if I would like to join, as another pulled my arm when I tried to leave. Needless to say I was more focused on finding my friends and the safe haven of our tent, then participating in some random orgy with a bunch of strangers, although now it sounds like it may have been quite a bit of fun.
1127	3	a	Finally after much searching, I see my friends and I rush over to them, in hopes that maybe my friend 'D' is ok. But it's my other 2 buddies I came down with. The tell me that D is in the tent already and that he had been quiet for most the time they had saw him. I get in the tent and sure enough there's D laying down, but his eyes are open. I ask how he's holding up and he grunts at me. I tell him about all the crazy shit that I was seeing and all the other stuff that had happened. He tells me that he's too scared to go outside and that he too had been seeing some incredibly disturbing stuff. So I get comfy and we lay there talking about the normal drug induced, existential topics. 
1128	3	a	By this time I really feel like I'm peaking, and hard. As D is talking to me, I look over once and he has the same demon mouth, that I had been seeing all night, but it doesn't freak me out as much when it belongs to someone I know. I look over a second time and he looks like a freakin anime cartoon character. This amazes me, all his features are hand drawn it seems, and I have a hard time focusing on what he's talking about. The third time I look at him, he looks EXACTLY like my friend Steve. It basically IS Steve, but the voice belongs to D, so very strange this drug is. I lay back and start to look around at the tent. I see peoples shadows dancing on the sides, and at times the shadows change and take on shapes of random animals. I look at the blanket thats covering me, which is decorated with a type of vine pattern, and as I stare the vines from the blanket actually start to grow. Up the sides of the tent I watch as these vines grow and wrap around each other, and at one point they actually cover most of the inside of the tent as I watch in amazement.
1129	3	a	I continually kept getting up and going outside of the tent, only to get creeped out and look around all confused, and wonder, 'What in the hell am I doing?' to which I just end up going back inside in disappointment and more confused. I finally start to chill out and close my eyes for awhile. Loud pumping music has been going on the entire time, and I start to focus on that. I have taken several different hallucinogens and never once have I experienced synesthesia, until that point. Wow, I could actually SEE the music, how fucking weird. Certain sounds would be assigned certain colors, but at times the sounds could be any color they chose. These colorful sounds began to form together into a single rotating object, that was highly detailed and constantly shifting and changing to the music. Eventually I was able to fall asleep as I watched this beautiful vision in my mind.
1130	3	a	The next morning I woke up, and everything and everyone was back to normal. I'd say the whole trip was 8+ hours, including waiting for the effects to start. My buddy D, said that he kept seeing huge insects walking on top of the tent and that 'something' kept whispering to him throughout the night. To this day I still don't know for sure what it was that we took. From reading up on some different substances and experiences, I believe it may have been Mescaline. The only other ones I've read up on that sound similar would be 2-CB or one of 2-CB's cousins. Either way what a trip it was.
1131	3	a	[Erowid Note: The author of this report believes they may have taken mescaline; it is very, very unlikely to be mescaline, which is generally unavailable in the U.S. street drug market.]
1132	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1133	3	a	MDMA (3), Unknown (120) : Festival / Lg. Crowd (24), Difficult Experiences (5), General (1)
1134	3	a	The following is my personal semi-first time experience with MDMA. 
1135	3	a	I've only rolled once before, the pill was a 'White Star' which I believe contained MDA, due to the weak effects. Also a few hours before I sipped a deuce of lean (Promethazine/Codeine syrup) which makes me incredibly sleepy. I ended up taking the roll, put on some calming music and fell asleep. Heh, not too smart. Luckily I woke up about 1 hour later but was caught in a trippy, combination of sleep and happiness. Slightly enjoyable but mostly a waste of $25.
1136	3	a	About two months later I was talking to one of my friends about my huge craving for Magic Mushrooms. So he called up his dealer and told me all he had was ecstasy, 16 rolls for $145. Now this is a pretty good deal, a little over $9 a pill. So I figured I could sell em cheap and fast, and be able to roll for free. The dealer, like most around here, claimed that they contained heroin, I didn't have the guts to tell him what an idiot he was though. After selling 14 of them, I felt really bad, as I had no idea what was in these pills. I live just minutes from Mexico so I wasn't quite sure what exactly I had been dealing. With just two rolls I decided I'd try them out and see if they we're even any good.
1137	3	a	I popped two pills at about 7:25pm, and continued to finish the movie I had been watching. After about 20mins my heart began to ache, almost as if I'd just taken a large dose of caffeine. 'Just great!' I thought, I probably took some bull crap pills, go figure they were so cheap. I finished the movie about 45mins later so I figured if I wasn't gonna roll, then I might as well enjoy myself, so I turned on my strobe light and started up some techno. I laid back in my bed and put my arms up in the air and began to wave them back and forth. They felt as if they were made of rubber and could bend any which way. 
1138	3	a	I slowly began to lose myself into the music, I could feel the bass pumping in my blood. I thought this must just be a placebo effect, that I was just imagining this feeling. As I starred up at my ceiling fan I noticed the awesome effect my strobe light had on it. I had this feeling that everything around me was perfectly in sync, the music, the lights, even my heart beat. 
1139	3	a	Suddenly a near-unexplainable combination of warmth, excitement, just pure happiness began to surge throughout my arms and legs. It felt as if my insides suddenly began to flood with this amazing ecstasy. I got lost in the music many times in a sort of trance. I started mumbling to myself. I would say, 'I love you bass', and 'I love you ecstasy', then I started humming to beats of the music. Everything felt amazingly soft, I began to rub my arms and legs together. 
1140	3	a	I stood up and walked around as the only was I can describe, like a monkey. I was hunched over and walked really close to the ground. I felt like a baby, exploring my house with a newly found excitement. My mom has many odd paintings through out my house that I usually find rather frightening. This time I looked deep into this sun's eyes and found a sort of inner beauty. I felt a sudden understanding and compassion for the sun and still do. 
1141	3	a	I looked into the mirror and saw how utterly huge my pupils had become. I was amazed and afraid at the same time. I continued to listen to my music but after about an hour and a half, I knew my mom would be coming home relatively soon. I turned off my computer and strobe light, and went outside to look up into the sky. I laid down on my yard and gazed up at the moon and clouds. The clouds began to scatter and distort then instantly snap back in place. I felt a cool breeze come over me. It was a wonderful day. My mom came home about 20min later and joined me on the floor. We both laid back and looked into the sky enjoying this glorious experience. 
1142	3	a	After she left my head began to burn, followed by every other body part. I went back inside, took out my contacts and laid down in my bed. I was drenched in sweat and laid there for what seemed like forever. I just couldn't sleep. I felt wired, and my so far great trip began to crashed. I started grinding my teeth and had hundreds of worried thoughts racing through my mind. Such that I had no idea what chemicals I'm ingesting and I was worried that I would never feel better again. I had this fear of taking any sort of psychoactive drug, that I may some how never be the same again. After about 20mins of that I began to think clearly again and was no longer afraid. I didn't sleep at all that night mainly because of my teeth grinding and high sensitivity to sound. But don't get me wrong, this was the greatest experience of my life. Even the day after I feel that I have a far more positive attitude toward everything in life.
1143	3	a	I know this is a rather long experience submission, but I have yet to tell any one about what happened so I really just needed to vent, hopefully, someone can gather some sort of advice/help from my report. Also please excuse my cliche language as I am far from an experienced writer. I'm simply a recently made happy person.
1144	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1145	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Music Discussion (22), Alone (16)
1146	3	a	At the age of thirteen I was naturally curious and had began the teenage stage of experimentation. However at this time I was still very unaware and oblivious to the more hardcore drugs. My drug use had just consisted of smoking pot a few times, drinking alcahol on accasion, and a few pharmichuticals here and there.
1147	3	a	I began to gradually sneak into my older brothers room were I had found a large bag of marijuana, I would guess it was roughly a quarter pound. I had discovered this when cracking into a safe he had in his room I had started taking appropriate amounts of weed from him and attempted making pipes from pens, I was mostly inhaling plastic, then I moved on to tinfoil. After smoking some weed correctly this time after using a chillum I had found in his safe, considering no one was home I began to ransack the room, and to explore to see what else he had hidden in his drug abundant room.
1148	3	a	He had a tall book shelf, and in the shelf he had many books neatly assorted I started opening the books because I had once found a hit of acid hidden in one of the pages, that I did not take by the way.  Any way I found a small rolled up bag inside a large old book about Vietnam, the bag contained about two dozen ecstacy pills, white plain ones, purple pyrimids, and ones with a buddha figure on it. I really had no idea what they were, I knew they were not regular pharmachuticals, I knew it would alter my realization but I did not know it was ecstacy. I actually thought it was acid, keep in mind I was only 13.
1149	3	a	I decided to take one of them the purple pyrimid, it was about 9:00 when I took it. I had forgotten I had even taken the pill and had just gone on doing normal activities like video games and t.v.. Usually x takes about 30 mins to kick in, it must have been hours until I felt the effects, this may have been due to the fact that I was not expecting it since I practically forgot and that I did not know what to expect. I remember watching tv on the couch next to my dad I had fallen asleep. I woke up with the best sensation ever I was feeling simply all around fantastic my whole body felt so great it is difficult to describe correctly, I told my dad I was going to bed. I was really high on a drug I had never taken before but I was not frantic and my father had no idea about everything, we just wished each other good nite and I went upstairs to my room with an uncontrollable smile.
1150	3	a	I could not stop smiling, I had the feeling in my stomach similar to being pushed back and for the quickly on a swing, butterflies, that tickled my stomach in a pleasurable way, I felt light, I had the urge to jiggle and move my body in rythm, it felt great, just moving felt incredibally good, I was having a great time in my room by myself. I was so fucked up I punched myself in the face and began to laugh as if it was comical. Closing and opening my hands seemed enjoyable, I would pick up objects and they would feel and seem differently, I looked at everything differently, but I didn't have a specific mindframe.
1151	3	a	I had the best body high, almost feverish but yet blissful, I felt that I could talk very fast and I had about one million thoughts in my head at once but somehow was able to ponder them one by one. It was like a concert, a speech, and array of different voices in my head all intertwining together. Laying in my bed I was like a worm constantly thrashing around in my bed, every time I would stand I would smile and become overwelmed with uncomprhendible yet welcoming feelings, every step I took to the bathroom was like a new revelation of feeling.
1152	3	a	I drank some water and I was sweating pretty bad, my face was very red and I remember thinking that I resembled the devil, but yet it did not freak me out, I was greatly intoxicated yet somewhat in control I dreched my pillow with cold water to lower my temperature. I began to hillucinate, it may be rare but I saw a cartoonish alian looking figure in the bottom corner of my television, it was green and had a cowboy style hat on with bloodred eyes, I am positive this was a hillucination because I was watching the credits to a documentary and it was definantly not apart of the movie. my whole body was so sensative and I almost felt a constant orgasmic feeling, I did not sleep that whole night, and the next day I went back to that book, and guess what I did.
1153	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1154	3	a	MDMA (3) : Alone (16), What Was in That? (26), Glowing Experiences (4), First Times (2), General (1)
1155	3	a	I had been waiting for Australia day restlessly for many days before it came around. The previous 4 days had been reasonably boring and uneventful and I was confident Australia day would be a nice distraction before my senior high school year. A bit over a week before Aus day 2 of my friends, let's call them T and W had decided we would split a half oz. 3 ways. All the arrangements were made and myself and W had both given our money to T whom usually got our higher amounts of weed through his brother.
1156	3	a	Everything was going textbook until Wednesday when I received a surprise call from T in the late afternoon. T informed me that getting the half oz. was proving almost impossible and asked me if we wanted to drop pills instead. I hesitated, I had been doing pills almost every weekend and thought I should slow down. T said he would ring W and get his opinion in the matter, us being all in this together I agreed. T rang back soon after and said that W had agreed to drop and I said I would as well then. So, Thursday soon comes around, the 3 of us had all been going to go to a friends house for an afternoon of drinking and mindless screwing around. Through the day I consumed 6 or 7 beers and by the time we were about to go down to the swan river bay to watch the fireworks at 8:00 I was feeling a little under the weather.
1157	3	a	Not wanting my unsettled stomach to affect the E, I drank a powdered equivalent of alka seltsa (I forget its actual name) mixed in a cup of water. While this did settle my stomach it did make me pretty gassy much to the chagrin of my Friends. We began to walk down to the bay around 5:30, It was a fair long walk, maybe a kilometre or so. This walk gave us time to get our thoughts together and try to get the three of us all on the same mental level. This would be the first time I rolled with W who is a good friend of mine. I had rolled with T twice before. We made it down to the bay forshore around 6:00, this gave us a chance to meet T brother who had our pills. We meet him around 6:20, got our pills, and proceeded to consume them around 6:30. When I went to eat mine, I noticed the terrible chemical, anniseed taste. It was truly horrible but supposedly this was the sign of a good clean MDMA pill. 
1158	3	a	We hacked around the bay for a good 30 mintues and saw some friends from school, most were blind drunk or very tipsy. the Bay was crowded, I wasn't sure this was good or bad for the roll but I decided to just wait and see, This played a pretty interesting part in my roll which was soon to come. 15 minutes past from 7:00. Me, T and W were all talking to some friends, I went to turn around and noticed something, the world was bright, sharp and interesting. It was like a veil had been lifted off my vision and my eyes sucked in more information. I said nothing to T or W. We sat down at the base of a tree. I was coming up, hard. I tryed to keep my mind off it and not over analyze it like I had times previous times. We talked about the day and especially how good we thought the fireworks would be. My thoughts flowed quicker and easier. I felt I had a valid opinion to any topic. I was closer to T and W than ever before, I saw them truly as friends. People I could act like myself around. It was a comforting feeling and I felt at home in this group.
1159	3	a	The E kept coming, This was truly a clean pill. Very gradual indeed. It was at this time things got a little intense. It was 7:30 and I needed space, badly. The noise from all around me felt like a thick sea I couldn't escape and I was drowning in It. Momentarily I felt like they were all about to turn on me. I felt like the whole bay and forshore would drop what they were doing and rush and attack me. Logic and reason took me by the shoulders and shook me. That would never happen I said to myself, but still, the crowd was overpowering and I needed fresh air and some space. I told T of my circumstance and he said to follow him. We went away from the bay and across the street and into the university. We sat against a building and I told T what I felt. He understood and said that when I felt ready to, we should go find W who we had lost a few minutes earlier.
1160	3	a	We got back to the Bay and found W almost immediately. He said he wasn't feeling anything yet but T was feeling the first effects. I on the other hand had been thrown into a full roll with no sight of it stopping. The uneasyness had ceased and I was very, very happy. As the 3 of us walked around, A huge grin was plasted on my face, I was floating above the ground in complete warm euphoria. As we looked for a spot to watch the fireworks from, I noticed that the police base station was surrounded by a blue canvas type fabric. By this time it was dark and a very bright flood light had illuminated this blue canvas stuff from the inside of the compound, it looked amazing at least. It glowed like a magical force field around this installation of which I couldn't enter. I commented this to T and W, both agreed it was quite trippy. As we went past I dragged my finger tips across the surface and felt its interesting texture. It was rough and almost alien.
1161	3	a	As we sat at our chosen vantage spot, it was apparant that T and W were both E-ing like a mother fucker. The first fireworks began at 8:00 and we all settled into the show.  A few weeks early I recalled T commenting about a experience he had read about a guy who took a pill then went rock climbing. As the MDMA took hold he looked over to a mountain in the distance and could not look at it, its beauty blinding him. The Fireworks were just that. I was truly not worthy of this sight. The explosions of colour in the open sky, I wanted to look away but I couldn't. These simple pyrotechnics grabed me. My stomach and chest tensed with patriotic pride as we celebrated this wonderful nation.
1162	3	a	T said nothing the whole time. I don't think he even blinked the whole 30 minutes. Half way through W leaned over and said that he thought he should tell his parents he loved them more. I put my hand on his shoulder and said what a good thing that was and how he should go with it. The fireworks ended with a great grand finale. The crowd cheered and I felt complete. The E began to come down, probably with the thought that we would have to go home and face our parents soon. It was a pleasant feeling and like I said before it felt like there a missing chunk of my being that was replaced.
1163	3	a	We got up to find the group we had come down with and found them quickly. We asked what we should do next and after some debate we decided to go back to the friends house we were at before. I began to get tense again, I felt surrounded by a drunked orgy of violence and blind patriotism. I was happy again when we started moving. We began walking back at around 9:00 and I was already feeling very tired  a mere 100 metres into our journey. I began to think about how alcohol was legal just because it was a good taxable drug, while something like MDMA, something so profoundly good and life changing was illegal just because there was a few 'ifs' and 'buts' about its effect on the human body. Alcohol creates so many problems in society, family breakups, crime and anger, death and heartbreak I thought. While E opens up your soul and lets you see the world from such a positive angle, I found this hard to accept. Looking over, I felt profoundly closer to T and W, we shared a group hug which I enjoyed. I was happy to see them as content as I was too.
1164	3	a	We got back to our friends house at around 10:00 and all I could think of was a drink. I got picked up from his place at around 10:10 and went home completely drained. I had a shower which was almost orgasmic, I was still rolling when I got home but my hopeless tiredness took over and I retired to bed. My thoughts bouncing of the experiences of the day before falling silent as I drifted into sleep. 
1165	3	a	I awoke the next day happier than usual. Its a bright sunny summer day I thought, I felt It held limitless potential and value. I met T and W at our friends house were we helped clean up. We filled an entire wheelie bin with cans and bottles and pronounced His Australia day party a resounding success. We went to have a cone in the park and after a few set backs, A lost lighter, our preferred spot being taken and some run ins from some less than liked classmates I enjoyed a fat waterfall hit. We sat around on a park bench for a while, absorbing nature. We got back on our bikes to ride around the park after about 15 minutes of sitting. That was a very good bike ride indeed. I was truly free letting the breeze blow through me. I laughed like a maniac and sighed with content. Well, that was my Australia day for 2006.
1166	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1167	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Glowing Experiences (4), Festival / Lg. Crowd (24)
1168	3	a	4:30AM, about 12 hours since I popped the X, and I feel a hundred years older and in no condition for school tomorrow. And what makes it so much worse is that tomorrow is Halloween.
1169	3	a	'Bout 3 weeks ago, my friends and I were chillaxin' at school, since we all had spares, and all of a sudden Turtle's like 'Anybody up for some White X? Bear will hook us up.' I have been experimenting with drugs (shrooms, ecstasy, hash, weed) for about 4 months and I was very excited for another chance to try out ecstasy, since my last E experience was fucking excellent. I had half a cap of White X, the same Bear was gonna get us, so of course, I was like, 'Me! Me! I want E!' and everybody was gathering 'round Turtle like a bunch of baby chicks being fed by their mother hen.
1170	3	a	I've met Bear a couple of times, and he's an alright person, sold me about 1.5 grams of the best weed I've ever smoked for $5, at a summer picnic a couple of months back. He wouldn't fuck us all over, considering he was real tight with Turtle.
1171	3	a	I received the E about 2 weeks later, kinda sucks, but the teachers were on strike and Turtle had no way of contacting me. It didn't matter as long as he had it safe with him, and that was no problem since Turtle was about the most trustworthy person I've ever met. He had already done the E, he told me, but I don't recall remembering him telling me how it was. Now it occurs to me that he would have told me that it was good if it was. Considering he didn't say jack shit, guess it wasn't that great for him.
1172	3	a	Yesterday, which was a Sunday, I went over to my best friend's apartment. I had not done the E and it had been stuffed in my wallet in a ziplock bag for a week and it was just totally burning a hole in my pocket, so I decided to take it. First I asked my bud if she wanted to split it and she declined. She wasn't a harsh straight-edger or nothing, she's done coke before but she just said no.
1173	3	a	It was one of those ordinary-sized ziplock bags, the kind my mom packs my sandwich in, and the E having been stuffed in my wallet for a week, it had broken up into a fine powder. So I shook the bag so that all the powder gathered up in a corner and I snipped that corner off with a pair of scissors and I poured that shit into my mouth. UGH. Worst tasting shit in the world. I am so glad I didn't rail that shit, like my other friend told me I should, but I'm actually so glad I didn't. My nose would have like, shriveled up like a dead flower. Scrunching up my face, I ran over to the kitchen and got some tap water and poured it in my mouth and swallowed. Then I got the ziplock bag and I licked it all up while glancing at the clock (it was 2:30). 
1174	3	a	The purpose of going over to my friend's place was to take a bath in her tub. God, she had a gorgeous apartment, her place is soooooooo nice, and her bathroom is just utterly fucking awesome, it's like a fucking palace in there, and her tub is fucking huge, it's like, 'Whoa.' So I stripped off all my clothes and jumped in her sparkly-clean white-as-fuck tub full of nice green hot water and let the E kick in. My friend joined me and we started giggling and shaving and due to my sillyness, I accidentally skinned my leg, 'stead of shaving it. Fucker wouldn't quit bleeding, it just bled and bled and bled and it looked pretty bad too, but not bad enough to go to the hospital. So I was like, 'Fuck this, I ain't no baby, I can handle this shit' and just let it bleed in the water, blood and green water swirling around my leg, it was actually a really pretty sight.
1175	3	a	So we kept on shaving and talking and we finished up after about 20 minutes and my leg was still bleeding. Then I got really dizzy as I stood up in the tub to get out. I could barely balance and I just sat back down, my eyes trying to adjust, eyes just jiggling and like rolling all over the place. I mentioned to my friend that I didn't feel too good, and she put a bandaid on my leg. It made me feel good, but I was still feeling kind of weird, so I laid down on her bed completely naked just all spaced out, watching the ceiling spin, trying to get my eyes to stay still.
1176	3	a	Then I started seeing stuff and harsh grinding my teeth, like I saw Renaissance angels on the ceiling, you know like the ones in the paintings with all the heavenly colours, they were still but they were kind of like sticking out of the ceiling but they weren't moving. I told my friend and I don't think she believed me. I didn't think I believed myself. It bothered me that she didn't believe me. I asked for her to join me, she was still in the bathroom fixing her hair, and she told me to just wait. It pissed me off. Time seemed to go on forever, I didn't want to wait for her anymore, I just couldn't stand it. I hugged her stuffed toys and waited for her. Finally she came, and she put on some X-Mal Deutschland.
1177	3	a	I just like, started dancing. The music sounded SO FUCKING GOOD, like it took over my body. The beat was just heavenly, I was SO feeling it. All I needed was music. I barely even noticed my friend, it was just me and the music. I wanted it louder, I wanted the music to fill up my insides and cover me, but my bud told me it was too loud and she gave me her IPod to listen to. It was heaven. I started skanking naked to Dischord. Then she got out her camera and filmed me and I didn't even care that the camera was there or that I had no clothes on, it was just me and the music.
1178	3	a	Still dancing, I moved to the music over to the kitchen and got some water. Occasionally I would drink the water, but every time I picked up the cup to drink it, I would spill it all over the place, since my arms wouldn't stop moving to the music. I couldn't even control myself. It was heaven on earth. I loved music and I loved dancing but that was NOTHING compared to what I felt.
1179	3	a	I danced for like the longest time, about an hour, I'd say, but it just felt to me like it was going on forever. Occasionally I would get some bad vibes from my friend. I could tell she was kind of upset, she was on MSN and talking to her people and I guess one of them pissed her off or something. I didn't even have to be in the room with her, like I could feel the bad energies emitting from her being. So I just left the room and later on I got fed up with her being sad, it was bringing me down too. I demanded her to disconnect her Internet and I dragged her away from the computer and I told her to let go of all her bad feelings and dance with me, just feel the music. She just couldn't get into it. She wasn't in the same place I was in. I hugged her and I kissed her but she wasn't in the same place. I hurt inside. I left her alone, she was madly pedaling away on her exercise bike, I could hear what she was thinking 'Go faster fatty,' I could hear her calling herself fat in her head so I told her she wasn't fat 'cos she just isn't, and I kept on dancing.
1180	3	a	Then my bud took off the IPod from me and I was like 'Whatchu do that for!?' and she was like 'I want you to hear this song' and it was sooooo good, so fucking mellow, I was just groovin' to the music, just kind of moving kind of like a snake, we listened to it for like hours. Then she started feeling bad again and I turned off the music and was like, 'Let's talk.' We laid on her bed and talked about life after death and the new world order, it was strange, like I usually talk in this loud, obnoxious way, but I was speaking very softly, very gently and soothingly. 
1181	3	a	It was like 7, and I was coming down. I could feel it. I had to go home, also, and I called my mom over to pick me up. In the car, I tried to talk to my mom but she had some barriers. It just wasn't working, which made me feel utterly terrible. I was grinding my teeth worse than ever, and my jaws were aching like fuckdamn. When I got home, I went straight to bed, despite that it was only like 7:30, it wasn't that I was exhausted, it was just that I was starting to feel like complete utter shit. Then my dad started yelling at me about my other friend's knife that I stole that I left on my table, growling at me 'Why do you have a knife blah blah blah' and he confiscated it, and I went to bed pissed off. 
1182	3	a	During the night, ever since about 12AM, I just kept on waking up, I'd say once every hour or so, fucking terrified and covered in sweat, finding that I was still grinding my teeth even in my sleep. I having flashes from a couple of hours ago and my head was replaying the songs that I was listening to on the IPod, especially Strawberry Fields Forever by the Beatles and you know it's a good song, but at the end when they play things backwards and stuff it's fucking scary, and it was just playing over and over and over and over again in my head and I couldn't get it to stop, so I lay in bed eyes wide fucking open, staring at nothing, stuck in this uncomfortable position 'cos I'm fucking scared to move.
1183	3	a	I fell asleep then I awoke again, I lied in bed paralyzed, my head torturing me with frightening thoughts for about an hour. I was feeling like shit, lying in bed and I told myself I'd rather die than go through this shit again. Fucking Strawberry Fields Forever stuck in my head, like actually, Strawberry Fields FOREVER. More like Burning Hell Satan Fields FOREVER. I was feeling so fucking crappy, I started thinking what's the point of living, I might as well kill myself. I wasn't sad or anything, but if there was a loaded gun beside my bed, I would have shot myself in the mouth. What scares me is that I'm not exaggarating. 
1184	3	a	By 4:30AM, I finally worked up the courage to get up and go on the computer to empty my head and to get that goddamned outro of Strawberry Fields Forever out of my fucking head.
1185	3	a	Now that I think about it, I don't think it was much too bad of an experience. But I think next time, I'll do it by myself or just have other people do it with me; I can't have people being upset around me, like even the slightest bit upset, and I didn't even have to be in the same fucking room to know. And as for the crash, I will try to get some other substance to soften the blow. And I will have something to keep my mouth busy on, like a pacifier or something, my jaws ache so bad right now.
1186	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1187	3	a	MDMA (3) : Music Discussion (22), General (1), Various (28)
1188	3	a	Background: My name is Kayla and I live in Canada. I've been doing softer drugs (such as smoking pot) every day for a long time now and I've been experimenting with drugs such as LSD, mushrooms, MDMA, salvia and various other drugs, for several years now and I strongly believe it is this drug use that has shaped me as a person. Without these experiences, both good and bad, there is no way I would have become the person I am today. In this, I feel it necissary to share one of my intense and shaping experiences, although there are so many more.
1189	3	a	This experince that I describe within this text is my most recent experience, having been two days ago, therefore I am able to describe it much more vividly and thus is the reason for me using this experience to describle. This text, I do realize, cannot bring anyone even slightly close to fully understanding my experience nor do I want it to. This is merely a peek into my world at that particular time. There are also many sections and aspects of my experience missing due to the inability to express through the english language. Often these kinds of aspects are too great and too difficult for me to put into words. I also have trouble remembering specific trips somtimes, loosing chunks of valuable realizations and sensations.
1190	3	a	Having done MDMA in larger doses on previous occasions and having done it quite a few times before this experience I must state that this was my most eye-opening and interesting experience with ecstasy.
1191	3	a	A few friends and I unexpectedly went downtown to pick up 7 or 8 (I don't remember which) pink msn's. The ride was about an hour and a half and it was already dark out. By the time we got back it was 11 pm and everyone but me had taken their pill as I was feeling sick. After relaxing at the park for a while and smoking a joint I took mine but I only took half to begin with because I still didn't feel quite normal. As I waited for the half to kick in we walked and everyone else stated feeling it. One of the guys was experiencing it for his first time, he instantly loved the feeling and began to pat the sides of my head (I have a mohawk, so the sides are shaved) as he did this he repeated over and over again that it felt like a cat. 
1192	3	a	The streets were dead silent, a Wednesday night, no one out, just us. The onset was about an hour and a half but it went quickly due to fast paced walking. I could feel the anticipation build up inside of me, I knew the e was about to hit me I could already feel my jaw tensing and my stomach feel heavy. By the time we reached a nearby elementary school I decided to take my other half. The water I took the other half with sent cold throughout my body, it spread quickly starting in my mouth shooting to my fingertips and toes. I suddenly felt very awake as well as the urge to help everyone around me. So I gave a friend of mine some alcohol that was in my bag, he had joined us as we were walking and didn't take any MDMA, he was sober and bored. He thanked me and as he did so I felt proud, I had helped someone out right then and there just as I wanted to. I felt I had accomplished something however, I knew there was so much more I needed to do for people at that time.
1193	3	a	We all sat down in the sheltered doorway (the back enterance of the school) where there was an outdoor electrical outlet (perfect to plug the ps3 in to listen to music and play games) and a well-lit area (perfect for drawing and writing). It is there that we sat all night (from about 1 am to 7:30 am.) There was an annoying person sitting with us who was not experiencing anything but the effects of good ol' THC. He was acting ridiculous, trying to tell us every few seconds that he was 'So stoned' but I didn't care. The want and need to be nice and inclusive to everyone blinded me of his flaws, so as everyone else tried to convince him to go home I, on the other hand, was trying to convince him to stay, I just didn't want the already small group of people to get any smaller because we were perfect at that time. Then it was slightly less perfect as I thought about the only thing that was missing at that time: me drawing, the only pen we had ran out of ink and my hand needed to express and flow, I needed to be doing something, I needed so badly to draw.
1194	3	a	Perfect is defined as: flawless, complete, undamaged -the dictionary, or anyone who hasn't been on MDMA cannot begin to comprehend the word. Perfect is a powerful word when used and it is to only be used in the right context, unfortunately words such as 'perfect' and 'love' is thrown around far too much. I did come to this realization as we all sat. As we listened to music and as we dicussed our views very honestly, being open to eachother's views, I tried to soak in all of the things that were being said. The philisohpical debates were very intriguing, they made me feel the most awake and articulate, they also made me want to gain more and more knowledge. 
1195	3	a	I tingled all over as we listened to Infected Mushroom songs and talked. I analyzed every part of every song. The more I listened the more I felt the music. Every sound made me feel differently. Some music actually made me feel as if something bad was going to happen every second, but that was only the songs with yelling in them, the non-progressive and non-Infected Mushroom songs. My hand was flowing when I finally was able to draw, several friends went off in search of pens, markers, something and had come back with nothing but two more went to someone's house and brought back a much needed pen.
1196	3	a	My senses and the extreme bliss I was feeling guided me because I had not a single idea or inspiration, I just drew and drew. I wasn't even sure I enjoyed what I was drawing at the time but it didn't matter it felt so natural to draw, like I was born drawing, it felt very unnatural and uncomfortable to not be drawing. I stopped every once and a while to examine what I had been drawing as well to chew on the end of the pen. The more I examined the more I liked what I saw. I kept going, drawing all night, I still could think of nothing to draw but yet produced amazing works of art.
1197	3	a	I did feel perfect as the music and my drawing flowed hand in hand. I write at one point 'get off of my cloud, or hey join me...' above a venus flytrap-like drawing. I reacll why I did this: The Rolling Stones have a song with lyrics which say 'hey, you, get off of my cloud' and as I drew I thought of this. I thought it was far too mean and exclusive and I decided whoever wanted onto my cloud can join me. I really wanted to explain that to everyone at the time it was happening but I got side-tracked by the existing conversation and the music and I forgot.
1198	3	a	Of course some of my friends stole the pen and my sketchbook every once and a while as well to write and draw on other pages, at those times I tried so hard not to draw but the urge was so strong I often needed to tell them to give it back to me so I could draw. But of course that made me feel like a bad person, I was trying to be as generous as possible and it wasn't working when I displayed behaviour like that.
1199	3	a	I can barely recall our conversations, although I can tell you this, I do know there were some of LSD and Mushroom experiences, creativity, time, society, religion, politics, people, emotions, perfection, generosity, friendship, energy and so called spirits, goals, brillance, insanity, personality and sensations. All conversations that night were extremely fulfilling.
1200	3	a	At one point I wrapped my blanket around myself because I was cold, the cold was giving me a strange feeling. My organs began to feel like a burden, they were too heavy. My stomach would only feel bad after my peaks so everytime my stomach began to feel awful I would take another half of a pill. I then felt fine again, as if I could run for hours, although instead of running for hours I sat beneath the bright lights of a school. I thought of the irony of leaning on the wall of an elementary school listening to psytrance and progressive music, disagreeing with and disobeying(through debate, feelings and actions) many, many theories, ways of behaving and morals school tries to engrain in its students. I sat on this thought for quite awhile although I`m unsure if I actually expressed it to anyone.
1201	3	a	As I finally took the last half I continued to draw and get lost within my mind and within the motion of drawing.
1202	3	a	The most perfect moment I have ever, ever experienced occurred as the sun finally rose. I have absolutely no recolection of it actually getting brighter outside, just of the sun shifting across the sky in front of my eyes. At that moment everything fit. The music we were listening to, the people I was with and the beauty I was witnessing. Although sunrise is a daily occurance this sunrise is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. The colours were vibrant and alive, and I was so extremely happy at that moment because the earth chose to wake up in front of me. I felt the sunshine rays reach out and wraped around me. The warmth from the sun was a great hug that I never wanted to let me go. We turned the music off right after the sun shifted and it was then we could hear the birds singing and the town start to awake as well, there was frost (or dew) on the grass, nature is so beautiful. Luckily we did catch this beauty on video, a friend of mine taped the whole sunrise on his cellphone, music and all.
1203	3	a	After sunrise, and sitting, still talking, around 7:30 we all left that area and walked. We had a destination I believe, however I do not recall it, nor do I recall much more of that day. Only that the other half kept me energetic for quite a while and the pot that we smoked did keep returning an awkward sort of body buzz. I layed on a friend`s front pourch for the longest time. By this time it was just me and two other people, everyone else had gone to crash somewhere. We all agreed that we all felt extremely stupid at that time. Actually, that was the most retarded and slowed down I`ve ever felt. I struggled to keep focused and listen to what was being said when it was being said but I often got confused and lost, which caused me to utter various words such as what and fuck.
1204	3	a	I also struggled to project my voice, it felt like too much of an effort. That weird body buzz I was feeling all day caused me to feel like walking and sitting at the same time, it caused me to feel uncomfortable and like I should be doing something. I was all twitchy and at times edgy at other times my reactions and reflexes were completely delayed and slowed down. My back ached from sitting on concrete all night and I started feeling waves of depression along with that strange body buzz. I could not wait to get home to just lay there on my bed, unable to sleep but in a braindead state.
1205	3	a	I`ve basically lost track of time since then and I have been pretty depressed and slowed down. I have been in a state of stupid since I layed on that pourch, reading things over multiple times to understand them (even simple sentences) and mixing up my words. I found it very difficult to write this but I am glad I did as if I were to procrastinate I would forget more and more.
1206	3	a	I`ve reached the end of my discription and although much of the night (and day) are missing I feel I`ve portrayed the experience well. I hope I can look upon this on a later date and be transported there, never forget, always take something away from an experence. Thank you.
1207	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1208	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Hangover / Days After (46), Glowing Experiences (4), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1209	3	a	My boyfriend came home from the club at around 1AM with ten green pills. I had previously expressed interest in wanting to try X for the first time. I was convinced that x was going to be similar to an acid 'trip' but with more euphoria or something. I couldn't have been more wrong.
1210	3	a	I am 30 years old and have BiPolar II disorder. I have been on and off ssri drugs for seven years. I have always been an intense, fearful, anxiety-ridden, nutjob with major self-esteem issues. I've spent my whole life working through this.
1211	3	a	1:15 AM: When I took the first dose, it was a half of a pill out of fear of the unknown. My BF took a whole one and suggested we go lie down in bed for awhile. 
1212	3	a	1:25 AM: I started to become aware of the fact that I was feeling very calm and mellow- not intoxicated at all. This was pleasant, but instead of becoming exitable or manic, I was for once, satisfied to just shut up and enjoy.
1213	3	a	2 AM: After awhile of talking about theoretical physics and just sort of bonding, we began to crave music. I got out my iPod and went thru my mp3s but nothing seemed fitting.  I have a lot of EBM and industrial on there. Eventually, I just gave up and let my BF put on some of his music. Trance. Not the kind of stuff I'm usually into but in this case, it was really just nice. I am usually a music Nazi who takes control of the playlist for the night but I was feeling very pliable and agreeable and quiet. I wanted to *listen* for once. I wanted to open up and receive instead of control or get stressed out about details.
1214	3	a	2:30 AM: I began to crave more 'feeling' and since I was sure 1/2 a dose was too weak by now, I felt ready to take a whole one now. The BF also took another whole and a half. I began to feel very much like my BF and I were connected without my having to run my mouth or influence the bonding experience whatsoever. I was pleased to just be quiet and watch and listen. I felt that he could leave the house and walk down the street and we would still be in the same room somehow. I felt very secure and loved and had no need to question or doubt this. At this point I felt free to tune out and listen to my headphone while he did the same. Just being in the same room with him was enough and I didn't feel obligated to be 'entertaining' or to attract attention to myself at all.
1215	3	a	3:30 AM I took the other half of his pill and he took another whole. I wanted to keep the feeling going. We decided to lie back in bed and talk for awhile. We made love and it was very slow and just lovely. I had the sensation of being almost virginal in my openess to accept the experience without the intense rush to achieve orgasm. It just felt nice to feel him inside of me. I began to truly comprehend the concept of sex being a vehicle for expression of love. 
1216	3	a	We came together. It was as if we'd made the decision to do so and then just executed that plan simply and purely. It was beautiful and extremely pleasurable without being lustful or too intense. Afterwards, we lie in bed for what felt like hours, just holding each other and kissing. This was an unusual sort of post-coital cuddling, in that I didn't feel the typical desire to have my own greedy need for affection sated, rather, I wanted only to make *him* feel good. 
1217	3	a	5:00 AM: I was ready to fall asleep. I drifted off to the sound of my BF speaking to me in a soft voice. My BF said that these were a little on the weak side and that my next roll would probably be better.
1218	3	a	AFTERWARD: The next day, I felt refreshed spiritually and emotionally. I felt as though burdens had been lifted from me and I could see and respond to things clearly and calmly. This continued over the course of the two days after the roll. I felt as though I had been lifted into the state of euphoria and was being gently placed back down onto my feet. There was no big 'crash' per se. just a feeling of going back to normal and a mild disappointment at that fact. I should note here that I still take prescribed SSRI drugs daily for depression.
1219	3	a	The experience was pleasant and not harsh at all the way an acid trip is. There's just no comparison. I feel that the experience was truly therapeutic in a way that is permanent and indescribable. I *finally* comprehend what it means to 'mellow out,' and I now feel capable of doing so in 'the real world' when I start to become frustrated, anxious or manic. I have been able to apply this newfound comprehension on a few occasions already in my real life.
1220	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1221	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Relationships (44), Depression (15), Sex Discussion (14), First Times (2), General (1)
1222	3	a	I had taken MDMA twice prior to this experience, and had thoroughly enjoyed it, but I had also only ever experienced an emotional and body high, and not much of a mental high. This being my third time, I was hoping I would have a good time. Little did I know I was about to have the best time on E I'd ever had. 
1223	3	a	My good friend G and I decided to take it together. We've been through a lot together, and have recently become very close, so I knew it would be a pretty intense emotional experience. It was also G's first time taking E, so I was excited to show her how much fun it could be and how great of a time we would have. We decided to go see a movie, but not just any movie: The Polar Express, The I-max Experience! You know, those crazy 3D movies with the glasses. Of course, those movies would be amazing on any substance, but E seemed to fit it pretty perfectly. We were going to be in public, and being high in public can be dangerous. But, since we were going to be around a lot of people, we didn't worry about anyone noticing. We just decided to make up a code name for talking about E, if we had to, so we decided on the name 'Boo Radley', though I can't remember why.
1224	3	a	We took our tablets at about 4:20 or 4:25 in the afternoon. Instead of swallowing them, like I had done before, the guy we'd bought them from told us to bite them with our back molars and swallow them, as it would hit us faster. So we did this, and it tasted absolutely horrible--the most chemical thing I have EVER tasted, without a doubt--but we knew it'd be worth it, so, down the hatch it went. G's mom drove us to the movie theater, which was about 15 minutes away, so we thought we'd be pretty safe, and the E wouldn't kick in until we were away from her and didn't have to act normal. Strangely enough, though, the first waves began to roll over us at about 4:45 or 4:50, when we were in the car. We tried not to say much, but as I later confirmed with G, we were both definitely starting to feel it that quickly. After we got out of the car, the waves were coming on much more quickly. I was definitely surprised at how fast and hard the E hit, since it's never happened like that before for me. We walked through the shopping center and towards the theater, and I felt like I completely lost my body. I felt like I was just a head, floating in the air, and moving toward my destination. 
1225	3	a	Simply in the 5-minute walk to the theater, we encountered some pretty weird things. I felt like the entire world knew we had taken E, and just wanted to do things to try and enhance the high for us. There was some crazy man on stilts wearing a jester's costume, and he walked right up to us, bent down, and yelled something in our faces. Well, mine and G's natural response was to scream and run away, but G later told me she wished she would have asked the guy if she could have touched his pants. After this, we saw one of those carts that sell little items, and there were these remote-controlled mini flying saucers with blinking, flashing lights and spaceship noises. Everyone playing with them seemed to be flying them right at our faces.
1226	3	a	When we reached the movie theater, after what seemed like forever, we climbed up the 5 or 6 stairs with a very strange feeling passing on each step. I felt like I was getting higher and higher with each step I took, and 'elevating' myself, so to speak, made my head spin, in an exhilarating way, and made my vision jarr a little bit. The movie theater we went to was HUMUNGOUS, and played about 20 movies, so it was made to accomodate a lot of people, which of course meant, that there were unbelievably bright neon lights everywhere. Things started to get a little overwhelming. G and I got our tickets and went inside, and immediately got confused. The lights were extremely disorienting. We handed our tickets to the wrong person, so he pointed us in the other direction. When the ticket-ripper guy recieved us, he gave us this horribly long, insanely complicated sentence about where to go, so we just said, 'Uh, thanks' and walked away, neither of us understanding what he said, so we were left to find the movie on our own.
1227	3	a	We went to the bathroom, and I sat down in the stall and felt like I couldn't bring myself to actually go pee. I kept looking around the stall all wide-eyed. It was so bright in there. I wondered about the patterns on the door; black paint with little white spots. I was starting to breathe really heavily, and I could practically feel my eyes dilating. Flushing the toilet ground on my every nerve, it was so loud that I closed my eyes and covered my ears. I began to feel slightly nauseous, and overheated, but I felt so good that I knew even if I were to throw up, it would feel incredible. At one point I even had the thought of, 'man, I hope I throw up!' Luckily, it was quite subdued when I drank enough water.
1228	3	a	Then, finally, G and I made our way to the I-max theater, after getting more cups of water. We grabbed the 3D glasses, but then got confused yet again. You see, the theater was misleading. The entrance to the theater, for some reason that I will never understand, had a big green EXIT sign over it. G was trying to go that way, but I was convinced that the theater was in this little alcove next to the EXIT sign, where there was a vending machine and a Christmas decoration. I spent about 5 minutes arguing with G over the placement of the theater, and I finally trusted her enough to take me through the doors with the EXIT sign. She was right, luckily! We walked in and put on our glasses, and sat down in about the 6th row.
1229	3	a	Wow-- let me tell you, the visuals were absolutely amazing. The movie, even sober, was extremely well made, and the graphics were very lifelike. But, add the element of ecstasy, and it's one of the most powerful things I'll ever watch. I felt myself getting higher and higher throughout the course of the movie, until I reached a crazy peak about an hour through. All at once (and it had been building up to this), I felt like I had taken my brain out of my head and put it in a warm bathtub, because my head grew extremely warm and tingly. My entire body then began to tingle, my heart started racing even faster, I felt my eyes dilating MORE, and I just took a deep breath and let it out in a blissful ecstasy sigh. At this point I felt like I was  having an amazing orgasm, but not in the sexual way, just in emotions and mentality. I felt completely and utterly blissful, in love with everything and everyone, and unbelievably content to just sit in a movie theater and watch a beautiful movie. I leaned over to G and whispered, 'I LOVE YOU SO FUCKING MUCH!!' I was so filled up with emotion and giddiness that I just had to let some of it out, even if I disturbed everyone in the theater.
1230	3	a	After hitting my peak, I definitely still felt high, but I didn't feel as out of my mind as before. The feeling had gotten a little overwhelming and even a tad scary beforehand, but now I felt it was more under control. G and I held hands throughout the rest of the movie, and when we walked out, we exclaimed for about 20 minutes how much fun we had in the theater. We hadn't spoken much to each other the entire time, apart from 'Wow, look at that!' and other such things, but we both felt as though we'd just connected on such a different level, like we had had a long, serious discussion about ourselves and our friendship.
1231	3	a	The most intense part of the high was over, and we decided to just relax and reminisce about the experience. We went and got coffee and sat down to talk, still feeling pretty giggly and happy. I asked G what she thought about ecstasy, and she said it was completely wonderful. At that moment I was just so incredibly happy that she enjoyed the night that I could have cried tears of happiness. I just felt like living was such a beautiful thing, and that everything should be taken into account, and nothing should be overlooked or taken advantage of. I felt like the simple pleasures in life were the things that were the most wonderful. I took immense pleasure in just BREATHING, it felt so good to take big deep breaths, and G said she felt the same way.
1232	3	a	After this, even though our high was wearing off, we went into this store called In A Tranz, which just sells all these raver accessories and trippy stuff. We bought two little 99 cent glowsticks and chewed on them for the rest of the night, and just had fun staring at the strobe lights in the glow store. We got our ride home at about 9:00 pm, and I hugged G goodbye and thanked her for the evening. I then came home and proceeded to be unnaturally outgoing with my family, and took a warm bath and just relaxed and thought back over the night. 
1233	3	a	All in all, if used the right way, I truly believe ecstasy is an amazing drug. It makes me feel so much closer to loved ones, and the feelings are completely real, unlike being drunk, where I just want to say 'I love everyone!!' and I don't really mean it. On E, I feel like I can say anything and have people respond in a good way. I want to pour my heart out and share my wonderful feelings with everyone else. I highly reccommend it, but only if you have thought and planned ahead, and know the risks and precautions involved. This is not a drug to be fucked with, but it has great benefits if used correctly.
1234	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1235	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Relationships (44), Glowing Experiences (4), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1236	3	a	Having previously ingested up-to 4 pills of known oomph before, I considered myself ready to ascend to the higher realms of MDMA consumption.  This brash cockiness was alas my downfall as the potency of my roll was indeed far too high in retrospect.
1237	3	a	The pills, which I ate with my friend Dave, were renowned for being potent and highly hallucinogenic (possibly even leading me to believe the it was MDA) from personal experience and the word of others.
1238	3	a	In trips gone by we had noticed that these particular pills were much more euphoric and gave an orgasmic feeling throughout the trip from all over the body.  Especially when moving the legs.
1239	3	a	The week prior I had been scouring over the internet to ascertain as much information I could concerning the effects and mal-effects of the drug and so was in a highly anticipative mood.  On the day of the trip Dave and I had wandered over to a “friends” house to sell him some of the contraband.  To our delight we arrived to see him rolling and megalomaniacal.  As Dave pulled out his sack of 50 pills “the friend” snatched at them and proceed to rob him and punch him in the face, acquiring around 30 pills.  The door was then slammed in our faces and we were never to see the pills again – revenge was sought but it’s irrelevant.
1240	3	a	As we walked to the bus stop - defeated - we vowed not to let this get to us and that we would merely take 1 pill as to alleviate the trauma endured.  This pretty much outlines our mindset, which was of course very shitty.
1241	3	a	We got into my house – where we normally rolled – and waited till everybody else in the house was sound asleep, distant from our ecstasy adventures.  We set about and ate 1.  The acrid taste was sickening, but I got it down me.  We then talked for about five minutes and decided that as we had around 20 left we might as well take 2.  So we repeated the arduous act of swallowing washing up powder and sat back and waited for the results.
1242	3	a	At T:00:30 I noticed the first effects – excitement and anxiety entwined in a very childlike and magical sensation, I noticed my pupils had already dilated and I put this down to my fast metabolism and the strength of the pills.  Dave by then had felt no effect.
1243	3	a	Fast-forward to T:01:00 and we by now were both now peaking the come-up (the best part about it).  Everything became racy and stupendous, from inanimate objects such as keyboards to even our own voices, which became high pitched and fast.  We decided to record such marvel and set-up a tape recorder (greatly recommended).  As usual we turned off the lights, lay in our respective beds, me lying on my stomach, and Dave on his side.  Then our bullshit session started, whereby we amalgamated the first thing that came into our head with what we saw and constructed sentences out of them.  Thus creating essence of creativity, which to us anyway, is the goal of our entheogenic quests.
1244	3	a	We carried that on for around fifteen minutes, taking advantage of the ludicrous thought patterns we had incurred and decided that after all, tonight was going to be marvellous.
1245	3	a	As usual we discarded the task of notation and embraced the idea of going outside for a brisk walk in my fields at near 1.a.m. on a cold English morn.  As we reached the backdoor we stood side-by-side looking at each other, observing our alert eyes and jittery disposition.  So we dropped two more.
1246	3	a	T:01:45 This time they went down like good old PG Tips, and my obsessive infatuation with exceeding the boundaries of psychoactives became quenched, or at least at this point equalled.
1247	3	a	Outside was warm, beautiful and my back garden (which I have lived in since I was born) brought back a multitude of nostalgia.  For brief moments I cared to regress to my childhood and was caught gleefully skipping the lengths of the grass.  In reality the weather was atrocious and it was bitter February night, but owing to my drug intake, this was irrelevant.
1248	3	a	We hiked over to the fields and gazed to the moon, which was full and also was to my surprise was on fire.  There was a very distinct blue flame rising above from it, and it flickered with the wind. Even when I blinked and rubbed my eyes like they do in cartoons the flame remained, and did so for the next few days.  Call it my guide or call it a reaction in the brain the flame still became a figure of stability for me, which I could turn to later on in times of adversity to remind of the good I was feeling.
1249	3	a	We then reached a long track that divided to fields.  To picture it, imagine a “soccer” or football field, the halfway line being the track, each half being a field.  We proceeded to stand around 10 feet away from the track and stared at each other in the light of the lit moon to hallucinate.  The visuals came instantaneously for both of us as the figure of Dave’s body raced backwards and forwards, as if he were being catapulted toward me but not hitting me then immediately reverting to his original position.  Like “next frame” kind of.
1250	3	a	Another hallucinations was him just standing there, then suddenly (again next frame) both of his arms would be unnaturally at right angles with his torso, as if adopting a crucifixion pose.  Quite surprisingly these very powerful, full-blown hallucinations were off a mere two tabs, the other two had not yet had an effect.
1251	3	a	We carried on walking down the track till we came to a bridge, we were talking to each other and I turned my head to look at him and he stopped still (visually) but carried on speaking.  I stopped, looking at the frozen image of him, as his voice grew weaker, then again next frame I saw that he had moved some 2 metres in front of me.  It was like a computer glitch had transcended into my vision.  The last two tabs were kicking in.  I felt the racy, speedy effect of the come up again and begged that we turned back.
1252	3	a	We had walked quite a while for about 30 minutes so in a more ecstatic state of mind it was only going to take us 30 seconds to get back.  In fits of renewed energy from the latest does and just sheer excitement I offered Dave a race back to my garden.  We began to run and my clouded up chest (owing to chronic MJ inhalation) was gone and I was able to run like a demon.  We ran about 500m, which was in fact all we had actually walked and as we stopped we found that we weren’t out of breath.  Despite breaking the world land speed record.
1253	3	a	Back in the garden we went into my conservatory, which is situated at the back of the garden.  We stuck on some music that would satisfy our mood – Supercat – Too Greedy.  There was some water there from earlier that day, and being the obsessive bastards we are we ate another 1 at T:03:00, declaring it to DEFINTELY be the last.  
1254	3	a	This is where the memories start to get real sketchy.  The other two had not yet peaked, and we ingested yet another disco-biscuit, (or lectroom as it is known around these parts).  I can remember looking at the circulator fan – made of five spindles - and seeing the normally rigid pieces of wood oscillate with the music, and effervesce all sorts of multi-coloured bubbles.
1255	3	a	About 1hour must have passed we just sat there not saying much, when I looked out into the now dark abyss of my back garden and saw what was in reality a towel on a washing line, and saw a man hanging.  The vision construed fear in me and I began to have a psychedelic crisis, with all the trademarks.  The empathic nature of the drug meant that when I relayed the information of corpse only metres away from our position to Dave, he completely agreed.  We stayed there for a long while tripping our tits off, enjoying the physical body sensations, but growing weary of the hallucinations.  However, as I looked up and saw the moon aflame I remembered the good times, and that I was only on MDMA (which I had forgotten) and valiantly strode back into the house.
1256	3	a	For some unknown reason as we sat at the dinner table rolling, frying or whatever I proposed that we take 2 more, as the effects were likely to wear off soon (so I thought). We did, (T:05:00).
1257	3	a	This is where I cannot remember a THING. I can remember VERY VAGUELY us both sitting on a bed talking complete nonsense, immersed in UTTER CONFUSION.
1258	3	a	That’s all I can remember of the night.  We woke up around 11.a.m having gone to sleep at God knows when to the proposition of a good ‘ol English fry up (except black pudding).  This is usually my favourite dish, on this occasion it tasted like shit.
1259	3	a	I had a ball of phlegm lodged in my Adams apple (no pun intended) that I was too feeble to cough out.  I felt really dirty and weak, and looked it too.  I stunk of sweat like I had been wearing the same clothes for days, and every time I got up I felt my stomach turn.
1260	3	a	As part of therapy Dave and I retraced our steps from the night before and reminisced of our mad visuals.  But it was painful to move quickly.  The day was long, and was very typical burnout hangover, except greatly magnified.  Mentally I was dull, and could not muster up any sort of creative output.  My speech was fucked, and voice strained.  I felt like a complete smack head.  The day passed and I went to bed and dreamt lucidly with no apparent meaning (I usually try to interpret my own dreams with a bit of Freudian literature).
1261	3	a	The next day (the day after the day after the experience) I was completely refreshed and my deep negative feelings had completely changed to profound positive feelings, mainly as I found a way to describe what had happened and had metaprogrammed the event.  By the way of a poem.
1262	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1263	3	a	MDMA (3) : Poetry (43), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1264	3	a	This experience occured a little over two weeks ago, and it has taken me this long to be able to fully be able to explain and discuss what happened.
1265	3	a	Dramatis Personae (not their real names): Jennifer (Jen), James, Sarah, myself.
1266	3	a	Me: Grass multiple times daily, Mushrooms about 5 times, Salvia about 10, MDMA 3 times prior, multiple stimulants and depressants taken rarely.
1267	3	a	Sarah: Everything that I have done plus acid, she has more experience with them all, having rolled multiple times
1268	3	a	James: only drank, smoked cannabis, taken mushrooms, and dxm
1269	3	a	Jen: approximately same experience level as myself a little less.
1270	3	a	While in my first year at college I discovered thanks to several of my friends the joy that is ecstasy.  So, one weekend I decided to come home, as I live only a reletively short drive from school, and roll with my two closest friends, Sarah and James.  Sarah is my age and has been my best friend since Junior Year in high school.  About a year before this experience I had realized that I was deeply in love with her.  About three months before the experience I told her, and she said that she already knew and that she didn't think of me that way.  After this event our relationship, while still fun, was a tad strained.  James is her little brother who is two years younger than we are.  He over the course of the last year had become my second best friend and we confided in each other about everything.  This is primarily because he and I remind each other of ourselves to an extremely large degree.
1271	3	a	James and Sarah while they don't fight or anything, aren't friends with each other as well as being brother and sister. They dont hang out often, and generally don't know each other as friends.  My goal for the experience was to let them both see why I am friends with the other, and thus become friends with each other.  I thought that it would be lovely for them too be friends, for them, for their family, and also for me.
1272	3	a	Jen is Sarah's boyfriend's little sister who is James' age.  She is very clsoe friends with Sarah.  I didn't know her particularily well, having only hung out maybe a handful of times.  What I did know going into this is that James was planning on asking her out.  However, knowing James, this probably wouldn't happen, he is extremely shy.
1273	3	a	Friday Night, Sarah and James and I had plans to roll, I had brought 5 pills with me back from school.  They are 'Blue Doves' and are the best pills anyone I know has ever tried.  We were going to do them in my room while my parents were asleep.  However, about two hours before we planned to meet up I called Sarah to confirm.  She was over at her boyfriend's house and was rather drunk.  His house is an extremely chill one, he is away at college but his friends go to community college around here and they hang out at his house primarily.  His parents don't care about drug use or smoking cigs in the house, considering that they both do both.  This is also the most loving, accepting, and well grounded group of people I have ever met.  So me and James come over to Jen's house, because she can't come to us, and also because we can smoke in the house, and when I roll I smoke alot of cigarrettes.
1274	3	a	I picked up James, we arrived at Jen's house and after saying hi and talking to everyone, James, Sarah, and Myself dropped out first pill each it was about 11pm.  As we were waiting for it to hit we smoked a bong.  Jen was hanging out with us,and we convinced her to roll with us.  She had some pills she was saving for her second roll, and she decided this was to be a good time to do it.
1275	3	a	I'm not going to write about how it felt.  But I will say this, it cannot really be described.  It is pure bliss.  Nirvana is the best description I can come up with.  I think more clearly about myself and about my relationships with others than I ever have, and I come to some major revelations and learn a huge amount about myself and others.  This is the empathic quality everyone talks about.  This quality or rather what happened due ot this quality is what I am going to write about from here on out in this narrative.
1276	3	a	During the course of the night, from 11pm till 8am, we re-dosed.  James, Sarah, and myself taking 2/3rds of a pill, and Jen taking her other pill.  Rather than try to write about the events in chronological order I will simply discuss each of the major events.
1277	3	a	Very soon after we started rolling I came to realize just how much Sarah really belonged with her boyfriend and in his family.  I also realized that I had allowed my base physical attraction to her as well as the very strong feelings of friendship and trust, to convince me that I was in love with her.  Instead I realized simply that she was a pretty girl, and that she was my best friend and comrade in arms and that was about it.  I told everyone about all of these realizations.
1278	3	a	Sarah then talked about how she had actually known I was in love with her from literally the day after I had realized it, and that she had been feeling uncomforable with me simply because she couldn't really tell when I was being her best friend or when I was being a guy who was in love with her.  She then went on to talk about how relieved she was to have heard me say this and to talk about it, becuase now we can return to our old friendship.  Over the course of the night we both felt so comfortable around each other that we were willing to be topless in front of each other and everyone.  It was not a big deal for me, but a big deal for her, she even said that she wouldn't have if I hadn't said what I had said.
1279	3	a	She also talked about how when we had first started being friends she had realized that I was so unbelieveably lonely, and after that had realized that we were in fact the kinds of people who should have been next door neighbors and best friends our entire lives.  I had never before realized that I had been so lonely back then or even that I still was reletively short on friends.  But those I have I would trust to take a bullet for me simply because they know that I would for them.  This was a major revelation for me and since the roll I have incorporated it into myself in a big way. I had been to a degree acting the way I thought whoever I was with wanted me to (at college at least, with James and Sarah never) and I have since stopped.  
1280	3	a	The biggest event of the night though occured about midway thought.  We all basically forced James to take a shower, since showering while rolling is incredable, its like an orgasm that lasts as long as the hot water.  While he was showering, Jen said to Sarah but loud enough for me to hear easily that she was 'SO in love with James'.  Sarah then told me that Jen had been in love with James for the last year. Upon hearing this I became even more overjoyed, because I knew that James felt the same way.
1281	3	a	Jen told me that she just never thought that James had wanted her.  James being a secretive and shy guy had even told Sarah when she had asked him at one point, that he didn't like jen.  I turned to Jen and said to her 'You really should bring this up' she said that she was scared and didn't want to risk it.  I then told her that she 'REALLY should bring this up because while I can't say waht I want to say becuase it wouldn't be what a good friend does, I happen to KNOW that it is a sure thing if you bring it up.'  The two of them got together and now are still together.  Everyone who knows the two of them thinks that they are THE perfect couple.  
1282	3	a	Finally the last major event was that Sarah and James bonded exactly how I wanted them to.  Not only that but they had decided to talk to their parents about the weirdness between them.  Basically their parents are convinced that Sarah hates them, she is convinced that they hate her, and they simply don't understand each other.  They are starting to not understand James either.  They also are really dissapproving about their drug use.  James and Sarah decided that they were going to talk to their parents about all this, about how much they both loved them. And to explain that their using drugs wasn't in some way trying to spite their parents or to rebell or anything, it was simply because they enjoyed them and they couldn't see anything wrong with responsible use, considering that many illegal drugs are safer than alcohol.
1283	3	a	The final minor point is that James and I decided that while we were best friends, our relationship was really that of him being the younger brother I never had and my being the older brother he never had.  We now call each other our brothers, and I consider him like a brother, the same way I consider Sarah to be the person who I would have been friends with from age two until forever if she had only moved before senior year.  We are going to forever be friends.  This was another thing we said when we were talking about our friendship.  That even if we lose touch with each other, or fight, or something happens,  one can always trust the other to be there for them if they need it.
1284	3	a	The point of revealing all these personal details and facts, as well as maybe boring the reader with information on people they don't know, was to explain exactly how good MDMA can be for relationships and for people.
1285	3	a	Each of us learned alot about ourselves during those nine hours, we each also learned alot about each other and became much closer friends.  Jen and I now talk often and are close friends when we had never known each other before.  Jen and James are together, and they never would have been due to each of their uncertainties if they hadn't rolled.  James and Sarah are now friends and their parents received the talk very well and it seems like alot of the stress on their family is lifted.  and finally sarah and I are back to being the best friends that we always were, basically insepparable when we are together, and a perfect complementary friend pair, like Jay and Silent bob, or Chewie and Han Solo.  
1286	3	a	Ecstasy is a very powerful and wonderful drug.  It makes me quite literally as happy as I can possibly be.  My body is carressed in waves of joy.  All of the taboos society places on us for no real apparent reason disappear.  Jen and James were both nude for alot of the experience and Sarah was topless, none of us cared or anything it was just the natural way to be for them at that moment.  I was left with what I truely believe and know and why I am the way I am.  I have been long aware of my personality traits, but E has taught me alot about WHY I am the way I am.
1287	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1288	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Relationships (44), Families (41), General (1)
1289	3	a	This experience wasn't the first time I have tried ecstacy.  I've done it on 3 experiences prior to this one.  The first pill I ever took was a great unbelievable feeling, but a couple months later, when I took my second pill ever, it didn't have half the effects.  Same with the third...(bunk pills maybe?)
1290	3	a	So I started thinkin Ecstacy just makes you feel OK, and that the first time I did it, the only reason it felt so good is because it was all in my head.
1291	3	a	This all takes place at my house.  my homie from about 10 min away was supposed to show up and we were each gonna take 2 pills each and just chill.
1292	3	a	friends from my old hometown stop by to drop off 4 pills which I got for 80$, which is just the regular price.  they left, and I put my 4 pills away, anxiously waiting for my homie to arrive.
1293	3	a	i call my friend and he says he'll be on his way, in 3 hours, due to some stuff he had to take care of.  I am disappointed to hear this cuz I'm excited to take the pills but I didn't wanna take it alone.
1294	3	a	i call my homies house cuz he hasn't showed up, and it turns out he left to pick me up a long time.  I just said 'fuck it', and took my pills
1295	3	a	I get a tall glass of sprite, and I chew one of the pills up(for faster onset), and chase it with sprite.  Then I swallowed half the other pill, and sniffed half of it with a hollowed out pen.
1296	3	a	I'm startin to feel a little tingly buzz, I feel warm and in a better mood.  I wasn't prepared for wut was about to hit me, i was thinkin this buzz was gonna be about as good as it got, judging from the 2nd and 3rd pill I ever took...
1297	3	a	Sniffin must have helped it kick in faster and STRONGER.  Everything seemed so bright, I didn't realize how powerful ecstacy can be on my visual field.  I looked at my red shirt I was wearing, and it was glowing along with everything else.  I literally saw things in a brighter shade than I have ever seen them before.  
1298	3	a	half an hour and I'm pretty much to the peak. I was tryin to talk online but couldn't keep my vision straight, everyone I talked to, I felt this great love for...people I've never even met.  It was difficult to read the screen, but my typing was faster than I've ever seen it.  My cat started meowin outside, which reminded me to go smoke a cig and enjoy the fresh air.  The air felt so great when I stepped outside, I sat down and smoked a cigarette.  My cat jumped up on my lap and it felt like a...squishy piece of meat...thats the best words I can think of to describe it, it was strange so I put him down on the ground, and watched him run towards the front of the house.  I seemed to find it very amusing just observing the cat.  
1299	3	a	When I got inside, I went back to my computer, and started feelin a little nauseous.  People told me its common to throw up when coming up on X, but the first 3 pills never made me throw up.  I was just thinkin about that, and there was nothin i could do, no way to control it, I just puked ALL OVER my own lap.  But in my state, throwing up only made me happy, I guess its because my stomach felt better and I was already rolling so hard I knew I wasn't gonna lose too much of the MDMA in the vomit.  
1300	3	a	I had puke on my floor, by my keyboard, I even went outside to puke a couple more times, but at no point did I feel fear, or anxiety(my mom happened to have heard me puking but she didn't ask any questions)
1301	3	a	After the puking was done I just sat down on my computer.  My mom was watchin the news on my tv or something, I felt so much love for her, I didn't want her or my sister to see me, because I couldn't take the smile off my face, and usually I am kind of an asshole.
1302	3	a	I am typing this now, i am slowly but pleasantly coming off the E, its gonna be hard to get to sleep.
1303	3	a	The euphoria ecstacy gives is far greater than what I remember, probably because I took two fairly good pills this time instead of 1 ok pill.
1304	3	a	I still have the other 2 I will save for another night, and I have yet to find out what happened to my homie, I'll have to call up on him and make sure he didn't get into an automobile accident or somethin, I'd feel really shitty if that happened when he was comin to see me. 
1305	3	a	I am very glad I spent my money on this, it was definitly worth 40$....more like priceless, an experience like this is something you don't forget.  I didn't talk much about some of the more profound realizations and thinking I came to, because I would like to keep that to myself til I get it all figured out.
1306	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1307	3	a	MDMA (3) : Alone (16), Glowing Experiences (4), General (1)
1308	3	a	I usually take two gelcaps spaced about 1.5 hours apart.  The first one gets me through the clubs where the trip is ho hum and I am surrounded by the alcohol saturated macho monkey men and their plastic dolls on leashes.  Occasionally I will meet someone I can talk to.  Mostly I dance and keep to myself.  Cue club closing time at 2 AM.  Me and whoever I came with take off for our after hours of choice where the party is really going to start and everyone is on some sort of drug, a better crowd, chemically temporarily real people.  Fresh air in a dark basement.  Love and acceptance.  I am at home for several precious precious hours.
1309	3	a	After a wretched houseparty we get back downtown. It is time to take my E and head to the afterhours where I can enjoy myself.  Because I am starting late, I take both E's at once.  I am still really really really stoned.
1310	3	a	Most of the night is a blur.  I remember looking for a place to throw up.  Somebody is getting a blowjob in the only stall in the mens room.  All the stalls in the womens room are full.  Do I remember scornful glances?  I remember sitting amongst people.  They are surrounding me.  I am the center of attention.  I can't hold a straight thought in my head.  I don't finish sentences before I get distracted and look away.  I can't remember names.  I alienate people I am talking to.  Others are hanging off of my every word.  I feel...  hmmm... powerful.  I have people's attention, an unusual feeling.
1311	3	a	I see a very lonely looking man sitting on a couch.  He is the only one in the room who is alone.  He is thin and pale and is clutching his knees to his chest and rocking back and forth.  I wonder if he has AIDS.  I sit next to him and look into his eyes.  He is startled by me.  He has 60 written on his shirt.  I ask him why.  He says that is his age.  He is a university professor.  One of his students brought him here.  I ponder their relationship.  This is his first time on E.  He is ice cold to the touch.  I get a feeling that this is his first time out of his shell.  He has lived a repressed and lonely life for 60 years, and now he is out of his shell in a room full of twenty somtethings in the middle of the night.  I love the world.
1312	3	a	I meet a 17 year old goth.  He has $190 worth of alcohol in his system, he is remarkably cogent.  Less than 24 hours ago his mother confessed to him during an argument that she wishes that he had never been born.  We talk about suicide.  I feel a real connection with him.  I feel empathy for him and I want to be his friend.  I take him back to the apartment where my friends are probably regrouping at this point.
1313	3	a	Back at the apartment it all falls to pieces.  I have come down enough to be too awake to fall asleep.  I need to go operate a ski lift for 8 hours in the cold in less then 3 hours.  I haven't slept in 24 hours.  I am watching the ceiling ripple.  The goth I brought back to the apartment is a social retard.  I am embarassed by him and I want him to leave.  My compassion is ebbing.  Various powders are passed around.  I decline.  The goth partakes, although he is new to them.  Fool.  He isn't safe here.  There is no one to look after him.  He is among strangers taking drugs he has no experience with.  Eventually I walk him to the elevator and the doors close.  I never see him again.
1314	3	a	I have the worst work shift of my life followed by a good good sleep.  I wake up and I am still high, e tarded beyond all belief.  I have the second shittiest work shift of my life.  I fall asleep.  I am still e tarded.  3 days later, can't think straight.  One week later, I am still a zombie.  Two weeks later, no change.  I am starting to panic.  Have I fucked myself up for the rest of my life?  I smoke pot to alleviate my worries.  One night I sit curled up in a ball with a blanket over me in a recliner.  I writhe as I feel that I have let a demon into my body.  After that I start seeing shadows that disappear when I look at them.  They creep along in the corner of my vision.  The move on their own.  They are malevolent.  Am I going schizo?  Three weeks later, I am starting to feel a very slight improvement.  Hope!  One night I walk into the woods alone.  The demon is still with me.  I am terrified beyond all belief.  I stand in a clearing and stare at the moon.  I feel like I am surrounded by evil.  I feel like I am unsafe.  I am afraid that my insanity will envelope me and I will be lost forever.  I focus on my body.  More and more.  I focus on the feelings in my body.  My thought stops and my awareness expands.  The demon is still there, but now it is incorporeal.  Over the next few days it fades and gets weaker.  It is losing power.  My cohesiveness is returning.  Two months later, I am back to normal.
1315	3	a	Six months later I have fallen completely out of the scene.  I haven't talked to anyone and I don't think that I am missed.  I try E again.  I go back to the after hours.  I feel nothing.  My heart is beating fast, I am too warm.  All the E symptoms, but I am not high.  I am just as sober as ever.  The place is artifical.  The people are artifical.  It was real, but only temporarily.  And now from the other side, it looks just as fake as ever.
1316	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1317	3	a	MDMA (3) : Hangover / Days After (46), General (1), Various (28)
1318	3	a	For the last year, ecstasy was my 'drug of choice', even thought I haven't taken it over this period...
1319	3	a	Let me explain it:  In the end of 2001 I spent 3 months in Spain, where I basically studied spanish and partied like a madman.  It was a break I took from my life back home, where I had a great deal of responsibility in my job, even thought I was only 22. I started to get tired of it and decided I needed a break, so I went to Spain, I was in the mood for partying, enjoying myself and exploring new things.
1320	3	a	Before my trip I had only had experience with alcohol and pot, and I wasn´t a heavy consumer of either of them.  My days in Spain started to change that, I started to smoke pot everyday and got more open minded about other drugs. There was a nightclub in town which opened at 6 a.m. and only played techno music, everybody told me that was amazing and I kept asking myself how can a place that opens at 6 a.m. be amazing?  What do you guys do there that's so amazing?  The answer I got was:  We roll on E.
1321	3	a	I was very frightened at first at the idea of doing E, but I thought that this was a unique opportunity and that's what the trip was all about anyway.  So I went to bed at 10 saturday night, woke up at 5:30 a.m. and walked like a zombie in the cold weather of november until I got to the club.  I took the pill just before I entered, a 'Mitsubishi', I can never forget.
1322	3	a	I started to look around and found everything really different from any place I've ever been to, but I must say I found it awesome, music ruled and the people there were really interesting, I could feel a good vibe, even thought the pill wasn't working yet.  Along with that I was with some good friends I made there, all of whom had already rolled, and they kept telling me not to worry it would be great. So I started to dance and almost forgot about the pill.  Some time later I looked at a girl and thought 'this is the most beautiful girl I've ever seen in my life', and a wave of happiness took control of my body, I must have looked like an asshole right then because all of my friends instantly realized that I was rolling. The rest of the night was wonderful, everything was great, the water, the hugs, the music, the people, the girls (man, they were beautiful), I was dancing my ass off and feeling great.  When the party ended I finally realized why it started at 6 a.m., to end at 11 a.m. so we could see the river and the park located outside the club, the most amazing view I had in my whole life, wow. I went there 4 more times after this day (always 1 pill at a time), every saturday until the day of my return to Brazil, every time was great, I was just loving it.
1323	3	a	Now this is the thing, I live in Northeast Brazil where the rave scene is almost nonexistant and finding pills is harder than hell.  After coming back home I spent more than a year without taking E, but I never forgot my 5 special nights.  I kept planning the day when I would take it again, spent a lot of time searching online information about the drug, probably read every single experience report on MDMA.
1324	3	a	The big day came 1 year and 7 days after my last experience.  The scenario was a rave in the parking lot of a shopping mall (I live in a 2 million people city, so there was a lot of people there), best DJs in the country would be there and I was looking forward to it.  And, the most important, we (me and 3 friends) finally had the pills.
1325	3	a	The feeling was definitely back, the rush, the sweating, the sensitive aspect, etc.  But just wasn't the same, I don't know, maybe it was my high expectations, maybe it was the pill, maybe it was the surroundings (only 10% of the people were on E, in Spain would be 90%), maybe was the antidepressants I'm on (I stopped taking them one week before the experience).
1326	3	a	Anyway, it was a good experience, but definitely not quite as good as the other ones, it showed me that E isn´t everything. I´ll probably do it again some other time, but I don´t have the same expectations about the drug anymore.  This might be the key, the less I expect, the more I get.
1327	3	a	The lesson I took was that:  Live the moments as much as you can, because they will never happen the same way again.
1328	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1329	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Loss of Magic (34), Retrospective / Summary (11), Club / Bar (25)
1330	3	a	This being my first time with E, combined with the general curiosity of some of my friends, has led me to be asked the obvious question a few times - 'So, what's it like?'. And what's surprised me is how taken aback I am that I can't really answer easily, or compare to any great extent, and how uneloquent the words seem to be that come out when I try to tell them. Drugs had always seemed to be things that put you into a certain mental state - pot makes you stoned, alcohol makes you drunk, etc., it's not like you drink alcohol and then choose to make yourself drunk after a while if it seems a good idea. It just happens. 
1331	3	a	E, instead of changing perceptions directly, seems instead to alter the meta-level of what our perceptions mean to our consciousness and how they relate to each other. One second it's like nothing's changed, the next it's obvious that things are completely different in some way but I can't conceive that things have ever been any different in the past. I don't think or feel things that I wouldn't feel in day-to-day life, but I experience them in a different way, more fully, fitting the emotional context lacking in memory and intellectual thought back to the language, things which are usually unconscious coming back into my head again, a head in which things are happening at the speed of light and things seem to posess absolute clarity. This clarity is a combination of language and feelings which can't be expressed linguistically; it disappears when it's broken down into cold words somewhat, although to what extent depends on the audience's similar experiences, if any, and degree of natural empathy. And, as described earlier, as E isn't really similar to anything, it basically boils down to - if I've done it myself, what people write about it makes sense. If not, it's into 'describing sex to virgins' territory. So, to the uninitiated, if you think the words sound interesting, the experience is doubly so.
1332	3	a	So, enough waffle, and what actually happened? Well, it just so occurred that a friend of mine happened to pick up a couple of pills off some random guy while on a night out, and due to a combination of general fear and suspicion of their content and effect, laziness, lack of opportunity and general police-based threat, though mostly the first of these, they remained untouched for many a week. Eventually, it got to the point where we both became generally irritated by unsatiated curiosity, and so eventually it was decided I act as official poison-tester, do one, and report back if still alive on what I thought was in it. Not rating too highly the reliability of random blokes on the street, I expected at best some weak E cut to hell with something, at worst some cheap shitty stimulant high. Still, I was hopeful.
1333	3	a	Well, one evening at home I was bored, so I decided to take the thing, for lack of anything else to do. At about 9pm I had a small amount of the pill to make sure it wasn't something truly horrible which would lay me out shivering and sweating or other crazy fears. It was very bitter. Nothing happened, except my heart rate going up through stress/expectation/anxiety/whatever. At 9.45ish I had half the pill, kept reading, not much happening, possibly a slight alert and slightly greater sensibility to sounds, nothing major. 10.15 or thereabouts, took the other half, kept reading. Still nothing much, as far as I could tell just slightly energised but just interested in the book and going through it. Nothing really changed. 
1334	3	a	Then around 10.45 or so, I don't know what it was, maybe just getting up to open a window because things seemed a little warm, but all of a sudden, with no hint of warning or noticable change whatsoever, everything was completely different. I felt the universal empathy before I could process it properly, but when it came out as recognisable thoughts, it was something along the lines that everyone deserved to be loved and deserved the chance to love each other and that all of the unconscious mental debris and crippling social convention and order that held it back was a result of the expression of these needs being blocked, or being unaware that the needs actually existed because of a lifetime of enforced internal and external repression. 'Everything is beautiful except hatred and order' I wrote at one point in the experience, as well as some rather less concise stuff about the limiting effects of ritual, convention and unthinking conformity, repressed and unadmitted general love, and the limitations of language.
1335	3	a	I talked on the phone to my girlfriend for about an hour, which seemed a lot less, during which a few other effects of the drug became apparent. My thoughts moved at a great speed but short-term amnesia was ever-present, so I'd repeatedly go off on a tangent and need to be reminded about what I was talking about 2 minutes before. Also, there was no quality control on what came into my head in conversation, as I found out when I switched from a general discussion of the human condition to talk about children's TV for about 5 minutes because it seemed an interesting place to go. It was good there was someone understanding and patient for when I went off and talked about Knightmare (an old UK program of schoolchildren with buckets on their head being guided around computer-generated fantasy lands, for American viewers) in a random and ultra-enthusiastic way at the exclusion of anything in any way profound. But the general connection and level of conversation and exchange of ideas and love was amazing.
1336	3	a	When I left her to go off to bed, I stuck the TV on and watched some of the day's football. Everything I focus my attention on while on E seems like the most interesting thing in the world, be it TV football, conversation or a book. Not usually a huge football fan I found myself being drawn in to the excitement of players and fans of teams I normally wouldn't care about at all (Fulham, etc). It finished, I watched some dire black-and-white prison escape film for a bit (seemed quite interesting at the time) and went to bed and lied there for a bit. During this 'peak' time the physical effects were subtle but very enjoyable. It felt like a series of warm shivers were flowing downwards through me, a bit like having a really satisfying shower, while everything just seemed really warmly comfortable at the same time, like the feeling immediately post-sex. General internal warmth was the order of the day, at any rate. 
1337	3	a	Unsurprisingly, I couldn't sleep, so about 4am or so, I got up and wrote a short story for a bit, but most of the main effects had worn off by this time. Insomnia and lack of fatigue response was the principle effect now. A couple of hours later, I went back to bed. The time between this and going to sleep was the only real evidence of any particularly hefty comedown as described by others, which was manifested in images and sounds in my brain of crying babies and military helicopters. God knows why. This wasn't too horrific and I was asleep before long anyway. 
1338	3	a	The next day there was no emotional comedown, though I was a bit languid and energy-less, but then I didn't sleep for too long so that might have had an impact. I felt a residual sense of extra empathy for humanity in general for the day and I think a small extent of that will probably persist permanently. I was disappointed by the moderate amount of amnesia about the happenings of the previous evening, but it was less profound than if I'd been drunk instead, so it could be worse. All in all, it was a very positive experience, and best of all one which can now be repeated by my friend without all my general anxiety about bad effects. There was no music during this experience, so next time I meet E again, that's something I'm looking forward to. Be prepared - try and have someone who you can talk to freely, and who revealing deep things to, or babbling on randomly, won't cause a bad rebound on you. Have fun!
1339	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1340	3	a	It was New Years eve and my friends and I were contemplating which new drug to try. It would be four us all together, sleeping at my house, planning to take a new substance while my parents were sleeping in the room next-door. Only three of us had the opportunity to try ecstasy  that night,  and the fourth didn't mind. She would take 2g of mushrooms and be completely satisfied. So three of us bought one blue honda ecstasy pill.  Our preparations included researching the drug very well.  Even though one of us had done ecstasy before, we still wanted to be very sure of our decision.  We also brought up two bottles of water, a glass of juice, two Pepsi’s and one bag of very salty Tostitos up to my bedroom. We were prepared to make several trips to the kitchen for more water though.  We wanted to avoid dehydration, as well as we did not want to drink too much water. So we included salty chips for the night to balance the water and salt levels.
1341	3	a	Seeing as how it would be a risky night, being in the very same house as my sleeping parents, our first thought was to only take half a pill. So around 1:30am we took half a pill each. We waited about 50min with no effects. So around 2:20am we popped the other half. Within 30min, the only experienced user began feeling the drug's effects. She looked like she was having orgasms on my bedroom floor. She claimed it was the sensation of her shoulders rolling against my bed frame. Still my other friend and I felt nothing. So the experienced user took our hands and started to 'guide' us into the euphoric trip.  Which to my surprise worked. 
1342	3	a	Suddenly each of us began plunging into a state of total euphoria, empathy and love.  It was almost as though one minute we had no effects and then the next it was the peak.   My first thought, was how controlled I felt. I felt as though my mother could walk right in my room, right at that moment and I could handle the situation perfectly.  It was completely paranoia free. My head was in perfect control, but my heart was bursting. We began giving eachother, what we nicknamed 'fuzzy wuzzies' : sitting around simply complimenting eachother. I was able to tell each of my best friends how beautiful they were. I wanted my friends to know how much I cared about them and that I loved them, which was followed by hugs, and kisses all over the face.  This was not intended to be sexual in anyway.  It was purely an act of the love between friends.  We spent the night just talking. I didn't notice that I had too much energy, just that I was alert and awake.  I experienced no jaw clenching or nervous fidgeting. Although I guess the fact that we went through pack of gum had something to do with it.   When I breathed in, I felt as though my heart was expanding.  My room was only lit with candles, but it seemed much brighter.  Music seemed much louder and I appreciated it much more,  like when I smoke weed.
1343	3	a	At around 5:00am my 20 year old brother (whom i get along with very well) came home from his New Years alcohol infested bash.  He was pretty sobered up though.  He sat in my room with my friends (all of which think my brother is gorgeous) and enjoyed the constant compliments about his hair.  It was sort of funny for me, because it was only I that realized that they had been talking about his hair for about 15min. 
1344	3	a	By 6:30 we were coming down, my brother had gone to sleep and the girl on mushrooms was getting quite annoyed and tired. So around 7am we smoked a joint out my window in hopes of falling asleep faster, as well as avoiding a harsh esctasy crash.  That was the only bad part of the night for me.  After smoking, we quickly cleaned up the bedroom and got in bed. I began hallucinating wildly: beautiful colours filled my room. The hallucinations didn't bother me. It was the feeling I had inside that ruined the night.  By mixing the comedown of ecstasy with weed had caused me to think too much about understanding things and life itself as organisms.  I began to feel like my best friends were intruders in my home. I felt as though my personal space was being invaded.  It took me a very long time to fall asleep, due to this feeling.  Although by 9am I believe I was asleep. 
1345	3	a	Nevertheless the more experienced ecstasy user thought the combo was amazing.
1346	3	a	All in all, this drug changed my life and made me realize that I could be that happy. My friendships with the other girls who used ecstasy have become some of the most amazing friendships of my life at this point.  For three days after I could still feel the sensation in my chest when I breathed in, it felt beautiful. I had a very nice mood lift for those same three days. Afterwards life returned to normal. I suffered no depression from ecstasy. 
1347	3	a	I would not suggest using this drug very often.  My personal rule is to wait more than 4 weeks between ecstasy trips.
1348	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1349	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1350	3	a	Some unexpected good news came our way, and a small group of us hastily assembled to celebrate.  We had a couple of drinks, and each popped what we thought was MDMA, then settled in for our usual routine of discussing all things under the sun, helping each other with personal problems, and general communication.  Each pill was a 'blue dolphin'.  This was T+0 at 11pm.
1351	3	a	At T+60 (midnight), I felt some weird tinglings about the brain, usually a precusor to the full-on MDMA experience, but the rush was not coming (I usually take T+90 to peak).  Others in the group were experiencing the same thing, even those who usually peak at T+30.  But the tingling continued to intensify and by T+120 (1am) the full force came crashing down upon us.  Some strobing visual effects were present, but as we had nothing particularly interesting to look at, other hallucinations were not observed.  We were pretty floored for a short period of time, but regained our heads fairly quickly.  Some reported feelings of nausea, (2 vomiters) but I felt no worse than shrooms or MDMA.
1352	3	a	While there were no MDMA-esque lovey-dovey feelings or tactile enhancement, personal connections were quickly established and many soul-searching topics were discussed.  I had a 1+ hour discussion on theology with a friend's girlfriend whom I had never connected with socially before.
1353	3	a	Sometime near T+240 (3am), still thinking we had MDMA, we dropped a 2nd pill.  Things get real hazy at this point.  One couple disappeared into the bedroom.  I became somewhat withdrawn.  We watched some movies and the communication practically ceased, as we were all now tripping hard and trying to cope internally.
1354	3	a	My next memory was around 6am, when the friend's gf was trying to get me off the couch to dance.  I opted to go outside to smoke a cigarette instead (increasingly MDA-induced flirty vibe with the friend's gf was making me uncomfortable).  But this point, we had all peaked and come back to reality, but I felt extremely detached and had trouble doing simple things like standing up or changing a CD.  The others felt the same way.  My legs felt like jelly at times, and my fingertips tingled.  My hands didn't feel like my own.
1355	3	a	We went for a walk, and had feelings of extreme exhaustion, unexpected returning waves of trippiness, and difficulty in performing simple tasks (eg. drinking a beer).  We wandered around, but were never comfortable with our location, feeling very antsy and unable to deal with the hordes of sober people that are out at 7am.
1356	3	a	Sleep was impossible, appetite was non-existant and we mostly just sat around the apartment, staring into space.  I was fascinated by the ceiling for 20 minutes, at one point, implying heightened visual perception.  The feelings of unease and detachment continued until roughly 5pm, then ceased quite uncerimoniously.
1357	3	a	It was during this period that we surmised we had taken MDA instead of MDMA.  Our general opinion was that if we had taken just the single pill, our evening would have been much more enjoyable.
1358	3	a	I look forward to experimenting with this drug again, now that I know what I'm dealing with.
1359	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1360	3	a	MDMA (3), MDA (34) : Small Group (2-9) (17), What Was in That? (26), General (1)
1361	3	a	I am an expereinced drug user, been smoking pot for about two years now, but I recently quit. I've done other drugs also: tripped on shrooms, acid, done painkillers, coke, but NOTHING was as amazing as tonight. My first MDMA session. I want the reader to know that I researched this drug till it bled to death and then more. And I encourage anyone considering a session should also. I must also say that sessions arent for everyone, but it saved my life tonight. And I truly beleive that.
1362	3	a	I used to hate people when I was little. I was sickened by human form. My only friends were dogs because I liked their unconditional love. I finally started making friends in 4th grade (much too late) and finally fell deep in love for the first time last year with a girl we'll call H. I had never felt so much emotion for one human being, and I was scared to death when I realized our emotions were changing, she was going to art school, I was staying here. I was no longer the main focus in her life. This was EXTREMELY hard for me. When she went to art school, things got more and more awkward when talking to her on the phone because I didnt know what to say, because I beleived that I was still in love with her. You see, for the past year, I thought that all my happiness came from this one human being. She was my fountain of bliss, and we were so in love, and I never thought I could feel the same way about anything. It was amazing. 
1363	3	a	When she dumped me, I became severly depressed. I hated people again and when I was home, I never left my room but to get bread and water and I never talked to anyone besides close freinds and my imediate family (all my relationship's were going down the drain). I only made company with my two dogs. I had it set in my mind I would never be happy again. And life presumed this way for 4 months untill one day I decided to buy this pill...
1364	3	a	To be fucking honest, this pill saved my life. I had the most spiritual trip I've ever had on any drug. I listened to radiohead all night and thought about my actions. I wrote and thought and wrote and thought and wrote and analyzed myself for 6 hours. I came to the conclusion that happiness cannot come from anywhere but yourself, or else it's not true happiness. I could not find happiness inside of H. And H did not love me anymore because I was not myself. I was a turd wallowing in mental agony. And by mental agony, I mean rocking myself to sleep in the fetal position, humming children's playground songs to try to make myself unsad. I did this almost every night. When I found out where I could find my happy place, I was reborn. I shed out of this skin and became a changed person. This is why I quit pot. It is too apathetic and I cant stand being that person anymore. At 4 in the morning on this X trip, I called up H, after 3 weeks of silence and even longer without a decent conversation. I told her about my epiphany and I opened up again. 
1365	3	a	We had a 2 hour long conversation and I could talk to her as if nothing had ever happened. I blossomed into a freed butterfly. I seriously would have killed myself in at least 1 more month. I believe with all my heart that it saved my life. Im not saying X is right for everyone, thats a personal choice. I can see how x can be seriously mentally addictive, but since I was solving problems, not getting high for fun, I needed it. It made me realize that the key to happiness in yourself, not in others. I want you to print this because X has gotten a very bad rep the past couple of years. People seem to ignore the good sides of things sometimes. I dont know if I ever will roll again, but I am very glad I did because I would either be dead right now or in a straight jacket had it not been for ecstasy. If this report seems weak, its because im still rolling, but trust me this is the greatest expereince ive ever had.
1366	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1367	3	a	MDMA (3) : Alone (16), Relationships (44), Depression (15), Health Benefits (32), Glowing Experiences (4), First Times (2), General (1)
1368	3	a	It all started with the first pill back in 1998.  After graduating from highschool I did not exactly know what I wanted to do next academically so I decided to take some time off to think.  Not wanting to be a useless individual I took on a job as a bartender in a fine dining restaurant which stayed open rather late at night.  I was an out going individual who loved to go out, party and have a good time.  Unfortunately due to my working hours I was unable to attend parties or nightclubs with most friends because they would be closing about the same time I finish work.  Accordingly I would be forced to go home early on friday and saturday nights thinking the parties were all over at 2:00am.
1369	3	a	This somewhat boring lifestyle of mine changed rather quickly when one of my good friends who I haven't seen in some time invited me to go out with his buddys for a birthday celebration one saturday night.  Unaware of where they were going I naturally regretably refused excusing myself with the fact that I was working late.  This suprisingly did not seem to be a problem since they were not planning to get to the club earlier than 1:00am.  I accordingly have been told that this particular hot-spot doesn't close its doors until the late hours in the morning.  What??? I asked myself.  Could this be possible? Hanging out in the past with only the drinking crowd I could not imagine partying till the late hours in the morning and did not even think such places existed.  Jumping in for the opportunity to to recover my dull social life I could not refuse this offer.  Accordingly I decided to show up...
1370	3	a	I met up with my friends in a parking lot near the nightclub at approximately 12:45am.  Thinking that they would already be drunk I was quite surprised when instead of holding hidden booze in their hands they were holding just plain water bottles.  What kind of fun is that??? Sipping on water for a good time? Sounds crazy to me, I thought.  It wasn't until my friend pulled out about a dozen little orange pills from his pocket that I finally realized that they were doing some kind of drugs.  Never having done E before or any drugs for that matter I felt a little out of place.  And than the convincing started... It took a good half hour before I finally agreed to drop with them.  When I first handled the tiny pill I thought it was some kind of a joke.  How can such a little,orange pill, with a goofy 'BIG MAC' stamp on it possibly make me high for hours??? It simply looked like a Flinstones children's multivitamin to me.  Well being late as it was I decided to put all pesimism aside and drop the pill...
1371	3	a	We waited in the line up for a good twenty minutes before the door man finally let us in.  We got through the security search, turned the corner and WOW............. There I was, what seemed like a wave of bodies dancing infront of me.  The music was superb, the place was packed with beautiful people just dancing the night away.  The lights were flashing, lasers were beaming in all colours and in all directions and the place was just setting off such a wonderful, friendly vibe.  I looked at my watch and it was nearly 2:00am.  I have dropped the pill nearly an hour ago and still I felt nothing.  I waited another twenty minutes or so, and I slowly began to lose hopes for a buzz of any sort...This was just not going to happen...or was it?  I am usually really tired after a 12 hour restaurant shift but for some reason I was wide awake and my energy seemed to have increased. No, it's all in my head I thought.  Slowly I excused myself from my friends and decided to head to the patio for some relief from the heat.  The place was so packed that it took about a minute to travel a 10 meter distance.  I finally got to the patio and KABOOOOM!!!!!  I suddenly began to feel an incredably warm feeling coming from withing my body.  My skin began to tingle, my mind became clearer than ever, and everything was happening so fast! I have never felt better in my entire life! I felt as if I weighed no more than ten pounds. I did not even care that my friends were all inside.  I was happy. I was happy where I was, just the way I was.  It was great. Trying to cope with all these uplifting changes in my mood and my body I leaned beside the bar in order to analyze this type of high.  As I stood there, nodding my head to the music which now sounded even better, I began to feel dehydrated.  
1372	3	a	I lifted my head to see where I could purchase some water and the first thing I saw was the most beautiful girl I have ever seen.  Our eyes locked and we exchanged a warm smile.  I figured she was enjoying the same high I was, and was happy for her.  Our eyes locked again and this time she moved closer.  We started talking right away and I felt like we had the smoothest conversation I have ever had in my entire life with anyone.  It wasn't long before we got physical and we were giving each other massages all night long.  We left the club together at 8:00am and decided to grab a coffee.  From there we talked some more...........
1373	3	a	..........It is 2003 and I have been happily married now for over three years.  To the same girl that I met that night.  We live together we both have great jobs and still drop occasionally.  I would have never talked to her if we were sober.  Ectasy has brought us together and helped us find each other.
1374	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1375	3	a	MDMA (3) : First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Relationships (44), General (1), Club / Bar (25)
1376	3	a	I was with one friend and a group of people I didn't know very well in an unfamiliar setting.  I was warned beforehand that AMT sometimes causes nausea, so I was a little nervous about that.  I made sure I knew where there was a bucket I could throw up in, just in case.  I did not know much about the substance, so was going in without any particular expectations.  I was not on any OTC meds or supplements at the time.  I had significant prior experiences with medium and high doses of LSD, as well as familiarity with several other psychedelics.
1377	3	a	I took 18 mg of AMT orally.  After about an hour, I had the sudden urge to wander around and felt extremely energetic.  I took a brisk walk for maybe fifteen minutes, and then decided it was time to have a seat.  For the next hour, I felt chatty and friendly towards the people I was just meeting, and things all seemed a bit more 'vivid' visually.  I was at one + or so.
1378	3	a	I had one drink at about the 3 hour mark, and was still energetic and felt like dancing to some music, but had begun to feel much less talkative.
1379	3	a	At about the 3.5 hour mark, I hit ++.  There was speculation that this was potentiated by the alcohol.  There were no open-eye visuals during the experience, aside from the sense of vividness.  For a while, I could see some very faint closed-eye visuals - tightly interlaced patterns that slowly shifted.  Around this time I started to feel excessively mellow - at any point I sat or lay down, I had no urge to move at all.  It was as if my inertia had increased: when I sat, I did not want to stop sitting, and when I moved around or was standing, I didn't want to sit.
1380	3	a	This got pretty boring after a couple hours.  I snorted 25 mg of MDMA at about the 6 hour mark.  Everything appeared very lush at that point, and I got some of the typical empathic MDMA feelings.  I remember being enthralled with the way lights looked behind fabric.  However, I was also full of inertia and barely felt like talking with anyone, so I simply sat, observed, and listened (for the most part).  I felt a bit of jaw clenching after the MDMA.
1381	3	a	I went back down to + around the 9 hour mark, and lingered there.  I felt tired but not sleepy.  I got a couple of hours of restless sleep, and finally felt like I was at baseline around the 15 hour mark.
1382	3	a	I stayed up for several more hours after baseline and felt lucidly introspective, and thought through a lot of things about myself and how I relate to people and things in my life.
1383	3	a	I luckily did not experience nausea at any point.  During the main part of my AMT experience (the 2.5 - 9 hour mark), I felt like I was coming down off of LSD but without any negative body load.  I never felt any 'peak' persay.  I also never felt like I wasn't myself, or like my ego was affected in any real way.
1384	3	a	It was an interesting place to go, but annoyingly long for such mild effects (probably because of the low dose).  From what other people have told me about AMT, I might be interested in trying it again at a higher dosage, but it is a significant time commitment.
1385	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1386	3	a	AMT (7), MDMA (3) : First Times (2), Combinations (3), General (1), Large Group (10+) (19)
1387	3	a	I read up on MDMA my freshman year in college, back in 2000. It was here that I decided that, while I was not interested in drug use of any kind at the time, were I to ever go that route, Ecstacy would be my first try.
1388	3	a	More than two years later, in the spring of '03, the timing turned out just right. I overheard my best friend and this girl I had been seeing off and on (she didn't want to commit to a relationship) talking about holding an E party. I decided that I would like to participate. I, understanding the importance of comfort with this drug, helped design the setting, mix some of the music, and pick the guests. The party consisted of ten people that all knew each other in a small house with a big backyard. I openly told my best friend that I would pay for the pills and help set up the house, but I could still back out if I didn't feel sure of myself. With his assurance, I went ahead with the party.
1389	3	a	My reasons behind it were simple. I had a girl present who cared a lot about me, and a very good friend there as well. Both of these individuals had rolled a number of times before, and I knew that I could trust them to help me through any conceivable problems (anxiety, bad trip, etc.).
1390	3	a	I took my pills over the course of two hours in half-pill doses, but it took more than an hour for my first dose to take any effect. I guess it's true that on your first time, you don't know what your feeling, so I may have been touched beforehand without knowing. My female friend came late and took her pills well after I was under the influence. What I first noticed were physical effects. Rush of blood to the head, warm feeling, 'soft' visuals (kind of a slow motion).
1391	3	a	I believe my case may have been unique in that I did not expect the drug to do anything to me. The feelings I felt were ones I had come across naturally, in both intensity and duration. The sense of euphoria and connection especially. What I noticed was how Ecstasy helped me focus those feelings easier. Conditions did not need to be as perfect. I could talk to anyone on their level, and, paying special attention to the music, I was able to get a sense of being 'surrounded' by it, able to hear the different parts simultaniously focus in. That was truly amazing.
1392	3	a	Back to the female friend of mine. I will always remember this half-hour we spent on a trampoline in the backyard talking. See, she was constantly letting her fears of past relationships get in the way of us. We had talked before about becoming a couple, and it just wasn't going to happen. That night, she came to me and asked ME out, telling me she couldn't push me away anymore. We talked about how the fears were still there, but there was no need to let them control our lives. It wasn't a talk that we couldn't have had sober, but it would've been so much harder to ever reach that point had we not been in each other's company and rolling. I was worried that she was using the pills to get here, and wouldn't be as confident in the morning, so I, keeping my head, told her that I didn't want it to be 'the drugs talking,' and that I would ask her the next morning if she still meant what she said. She did, and we became a couple.
1393	3	a	What you have to understand is that we had that 'relationship' talk a month before, and it wasn't going to happen. We were both scared, and a very recent breakup meant she was simply unable to step out on that ledge again (maybe ever). Being able to have her see me and me be with her while high on Ecstasy gave us an entirely new perspective on who we were and who we wanted to be with each other.
1394	3	a	I'm thankful for the boost given to us, but I also believe that it wasn't the pills that did anything for me, it was my faith in the experience and the connection that we had (which was magnified through the Ecstasy) that allowed us to take what we considered a very large step. MDMA didn't create anything between us, it just channeled what we had in a more direct route, and removed our doubts and fears of uncertainty so we could discuss our feelings truthfully and simply.
1395	3	a	Outside of gaining a girlfriend, the night was great. I have always loved to dance, and I learned a lot about myself through my movements that night. I also had never noticed so many single blades of grass (and that was pretty much the tone).
1396	3	a	Also, I was so thankful to have my best friend and my (girl)friend there to be with me and to introduce me to the experience. That was probably the best part. I wouldn't have ever been able to be as comfortable and willing without either of them.
1397	3	a	Our high lasted about 6 hours, hers going well into daylight because she started so late in comparison. The short time my girlfriend and I shared under the MDMA shaped the beginnings of this relationship in a very loving and caring way, and it has been a very strong aftermath. I have yet to take any more MDMA or do any other substances to date, but I plan on rolling with my (now) girlfriend in a private setting sometime soon so that we may continue what started that night privately. As for my best friend, he was able to tell me how much of a friend I was, and I was able to see that I had been neglecting his friendship over the past couple of months, and Ecstasy helped me reforge my bond with him.
1398	3	a	So amazing, I would recommend it to everyone, but understand that comfort and security must be number one. This is not a drug that works by taking over. It merely lets you enhance the good feelings you have anyway.
1399	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1400	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Relationships (44), Glowing Experiences (4), First Times (2), General (1)
1401	3	a	I just wanted to revisit my last experience report and share some new insights with you all.  Since taking E back in September, I've been diagnosed with a slightly overactive thyroid. That's what's been causing my heart palpitations. I was told that stimulants of any kind, coffee, chocolate, and especially E should be avoided.  Hence, my wild night alone was really due to my condition (which I had no clue about at the time!) being overly stimulated by the E. I was placed on a beta-blocker, atenolol, to take care of the palps. 
1402	3	a	Remember, I had fallen in love with E. I really wanted to have fun, but I didn't want to die!!! So 3 weeks ago, I did a lot of reading up on the web and found that my beta-blocker can be used to counter the ill effects that the E has on my heart.  Doctors actually use beta-blockers to help people who have overdosed on coke, not to mention it's a heart-attack medication. I went to a well-respected doctor's website where he has a column. He gave this advice, which I took.  I swallowed 50 mgs of atenolol 20 minutes before I took my E. Now, because I was worried, I only took 1/4.   
1403	3	a	After 30 minutes, I felt a slight buzz, not totally rolling. I checked my pulse and I was at a normal rate.  I decided after 2 hours that I'd go ahead and take my other 1/4.  15 minutes later, I was rolling out of my mind.  I was actually kind of scared how hard I was rolling.  I could barely stand up.  Totally a better experience than my last.  My heart rate stayed at a normal rate and I experienced no irregular beats.  
1404	3	a	I found however, that I was more nauseous than usual. Where I usually throw up or gag at the onset of the E, this time, I gagged through the night here and there, but never fully threw up. Beta=blockers are a Godsend! I just take it easy, make sure I'm around people I trust who know about my condition, and don't over do it.  
1405	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1406	3	a	MDMA (3) : Not Applicable (38), Health Problems (27), Retrospective / Summary (11), Combinations (3), General (1)
1407	3	a	I am an eighteen year old female. I tried ecstasy for the first time a few months ago, have done it 5 times since, and have loved it every time. I don’t have a lot of experience with drugs – I have only ever smoked pot (since age 14) and drank (since 15). This particular report is about my most intense and memorable experience with ecstasy so far.
1408	3	a	It is 2:30pm on a hot summer’s day as I get off work and get on the bus to go downtown. I am anxious because I am meeting a dealer and my bus is running late. A guy I know gets on the bus and my mind is eased as we make friendly conversation. My next step is to get on the SkyTrain, but I have only taken it two times before when I was younger and can’t really remember how everything works. The guy from the bus gives me directions and soon I am on the SkyTrain, speeding towards an unfamiliar city.
1409	3	a	I arrive at 4:20pm (20 minutes late) and meet my dealer (let’s call him J). I get in his car and he immediately hands me MDMA powder wrapped in toilet paper, all ready to parachute. We had decided earlier that I would test some out right then before I bought any (because the last E I bought from him didn’t work). 
1410	3	a	T+ 0:00 – I parachute what I’m guessing was anywhere between 200-400mg, although I stupidly didn’t look at how much was wrapped in the TP. Another thing to note is that I hadn’t been eating much for the past few weeks and consequently had recently dropped about 8 lbs.
1411	3	a	We drive around until we find a Wendy’s, and he eats while I wait.
1412	3	a	T+ 0:20 – I start getting the shivers, but it’s hard to tell if it’s because of the E or just because Wendy’s is highly air-conditioned. 
1413	3	a	T+ 0:40 – We leave Wendy’s and J searches for a gas station. I’m starting to have trouble concentrating on what’s going on and find myself gazing at the late afternoon sky, not really responding to whatever J is saying to me. I am thinking to myself, “okay so I'm feeling it, but it isn’t that intense. I probably didn’t take very much, I could totally go home after this and no one would be able to tell the difference.” 
1414	3	a	T+ 0:45 - I decide to buy $50 worth (because I assume that it’s good stuff, I just need to take a little more), and he drops me off back at the SkyTrain Station. I take a few steps away from the car, and it hits me. I am having difficulty walking because shudders of euphoria are shooting through my body. A grin is spreading across my face, and although I realize how absolutely retarded I must look, I couldn’t care less. I stumble towards the SkyTrain and suddenly have no idea which one to get on. There are only two, one going east and one going west, but I can’t for the life of me figure out which way I am trying to go. I have to ask three people before I decide to go west.
1415	3	a	T+ 0:50 – I sit there on the SkyTrain, with my entire body shaking uncontrollably and my eyes flicking around so fast that I can hardly see. I try for several minutes to set my eyes still for long enough to see my reflection in the back of my ipod. When I finally do, I see that my pupils have swallowed my irises. And my face is meaningless and unfamiliar. This is definitely the highest I’ve ever been. I don’t know what to do with myself so I call a friend, Z. It feels good talking to someone although I can hardly communicate. 
1416	3	a	T+ 1:00 – After I hang up, it soon becomes apparent that I am only getting higher. This is about when I experience my 3 minutes of terror. The ecstasy is taking over my body and I can’t do anything about it. It switches from giving me unbelievable excitement and euphoria to overwhelming confusion and fear. My heart is pounding so fast that I can hardly sit up. I try to breathe because I believe that I will die if I don’t concentrate on breathing. My thoughts are getting less and less clear and my body is being pummelled by wave after wave of adrenaline. And the strangest part about this moment is that it is distinctly familiar, even though I have never experienced it before. It feels as if I am in a flashback to a past life, and even in terror, for a second I feel safer than I have ever felt before.
1417	3	a	I write this during the so-called Molly Hangover. I wouldn't call it a hangover per se. More along the lines of... a kind of mental limbo. Its five a.m. I took my dose at around 8 or 9pm last night. So it's been a good eight or so hours by now.
1418	3	a	I haven't rolled in about three or four years. I haven't rolled in about three or four years. This time I chose to do so with my fiance and best friend. On that note; I urge you to think twice about who you roll with. If you're an easily embarrassed person, do it with someone you trust. You're more than likely going to at least say something you probably wouldn't normally. Inappropriate displays of affection happen many, many times on Molly. This can be awkward later. 
1419	3	a	My brain is still a little fuzzy. So I'm going to try and write this the best I can. 
1420	3	a	My MDMA was uncut and in capsule form, I chose to dissolve it in water and drink it. While I've found it usually hits me faster, it tastes awful. 
1421	3	a	I have done both Molly and 'Dirty Rolls' probably thirty to forty times. I am used to the come up taking twenty minutes to a half hour. Sometimes but rarely any longer. For some reason,  maybe due to the long hiatus between doses, this hit me within minutes. 
1422	3	a	I can feel everything seem to slow down right before the drop. Gravity seems to shift. My head starts to feel thick and cloudy. My vision quickly becomes fuzzy and for a moment I can't focus on anything but catching my breath. The euphoria is overwhelming. My hairs stand on end. All I can do is gasp and smile. 
1423	3	a	I watch my boyfriend next to me lay back as my best friend turns of the bright room light. It hits me less than a second before he feels it and starts saying 'wow', bringing his hands to his face. I touch mine and it feels great. But I have the overwhelming desire to relearn what his skin feels like. I want to feel his fingers against my face.  
1424	3	a	This lasts about 30 minutes. During this time, we are trying to discuss if it's okay to kiss our friend, however he is not rolling and has not yet every had the experience so we opt to go against this natural-feeling, impulsive urge to share the love. Instead, we give back and head massages. No doubt they felt better to us than him but he was amused and played the part. 
1425	3	a	The intensity comes in waves, some rolling, some crashing. This also depends on what we are doing. I found that listening to music helps to intensify the roll while taking a walk down the street calmed us down quite a bit,  almost allowing only a body buzz and slight giggles. I'm finding everything interesting or aesthetic at this point. I'm also feeling a sexual attraction to my partner that is hard not to give into then and there. Almost as though I've never seen or felt these things before. .. the part of the brain that tells me what I know about something almost seems to be disconnected,  leaving only a strong desire to simply experience. Anything and everything and anything that catches attention.
1426	3	a	Upon walking back inside into the dark room,  the computer light catches my eye. We watch some electric sheep visualizations just for the fun of it. I notice how in sync they are with the music I am playing on another page. As if everything is supposed to fit together perfectly.... all the while we give each other back rubs or kiss or caress each other's faces, hair, clothes, anything. We are both excited for our friend to roll with us next weekend for his first time. We tell him all the things we want to show him and how much he'll love it. 
1427	3	a	This lasts for another for hours. My boyfriend and I walk home by 12am. We try and wind down but end up talking for two and half more hours. As soon as I feel myself come down, I am a little sad. I wish it could last a little longer. The insomnia and restlessness has set in. I'm a little disoriented and frankly, bored. I still see visuals in my peripherals but hardly. 
1428	3	a	This is a pretty standard non-rave/party roll experience as we hadn't done it in years. I was satisfied with the quality of the MDMA and the all together. However it is five thirty and I've yet to be able to fall asleep.
1429	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1430	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1431	3	a	The guys kept saying, take it now, take it now.  I wanted to wait a bit longer so I would peak around 12, not knowing for sure how long the experience would last.  I gave into their convincing tone and knocked it back with some warm coke.  I sat back in my seat, waiting for something to happen.  Half an hour later I had to go, I trekked over to the toilet and did my business.  On the way back I felt something, nothing major but a definite sign my pill was kicking in.  I sat back down, several friends asked me, “is it working yet”.  At this moment my head started to pulse and I needed a drink, not alcohol, that can’t be good.  I sat in my seat looking around at my friends, a warm feeling had come over me, me vision was unsettled and I felt great.  Ecstasy was happening and so far it was the best experience of my life, little did I know it was about to get better and better.
1432	3	a	Someone brought my some water, my friend Chad I think.  I sculled the water pretty quickly although Briggs told me to go easy.  I had a guy called Cameron sitting next to me, he knew well the ecstasy experience and looked at me with interest.  Meanwhile my vision was pulsing, nothing like alcohol or pot, but like slipping between two worlds, one of them reality.  I sunk back into my seat, unsure of the world in front of me.  I began to consolidate thoughts to myself, thoughts about forces we could not control, weird thoughts were entering into my mind which now I cannot recall.  I could not quite grasp the concepts however I was being locked out, unworthy of the understanding.
1433	3	a	I could feel my own body around my with such precision.  It felt incredibly good just to flex my muscles, I felt in control and powerful.  The ultimate energy source was right in front of me, I could take all I desired, I could do anything and beat anybody at anything.  I began to draw thirsty once more and kindly asked for a drink.  I spoke so fast that my friends looked puzzled, they all knew I was feeling it.  While waiting for the water I noted a change, my vision was now becoming slower, it was pulsing less and I began to feel light headed.  Some random sitting next to me said an E he had taken made him feel like blacking out, glad that someone understood this was exactly how I felt,  I could feel the blood boiling inside of me and my vision drew fainter and fainter.  I thought of was going to black out for a second, but somehow I knew I would not.  I got my vision back but in a different way, it was like being incredibly drunk but still having the reflexes, it was a good feeling.  I felt myself buzzing, my legs were bouncing, my friends tried to restrain my legs but failed, nothing was stopping them.  Now I was experiencing a buzzing sensation, I was full of energy and I could do anything.  As I finished off my drink I saw water as the lifeline of everything, almost as if light surrounded it.   Water was giving me unlimited energy,  it was the most precious substance on earth.  Out of the corner of my eye i spotted the pool, I felt like drinking from it,  I was very thirsty.  I had to stand up, I could no longer hold in all this energy, it was bursting out of me.  My body started moving and bopping without my input, I felt like I could grab a handful of energy and run home if I needed to, my body would have no problems keeping up.  I could not sit down from now on.  My friends were preparing to leave, Chad’s parents were taking us down in two cars to Scarboriugh, the local popular beach hangout.   My friend pulled me into one of the cars while I clenched my fists and grounding my teeth repetitively.  I could not stop,  I had to be doing something.  I was just happy,  it didn’t matter what was going on.  In the car I could not stop fidgeting,  I was spinning myself out just looking out the window.  I was packed in a car with some of the best friends I will ever have, at that moment I could not have been happier. 
1434	3	a	I lost sight of what was happening around this point, not as though I didn’t know the plan, I just didn’t care what we were doing.  I had already lost sight of going to Scarborough earlier on that night, however I still wanted to go.  The car headed into an abyss of people as we neared our destination.  I looked out the window with ore as hundreds of attractive women wearing close to nothing dashed past.   I didn’t even realize we had stopped before my mates were pushing me out of the car.   
1435	3	a	I stood there buzzing while my mates massed in one group.  I was impatient and eager for a piece of the action.  I felt I could talk to anyone and be everyone’s superior.  My eyes started to spasm from left to right as I hit the peak of the drug.  This was a strange but enjoyable experience,  it added to the effect that I was not quite in reality and that I could do anything I pleased.  We decided to go for a trek to check out the action and find our other mates.  I talked to a lot of people on the way, including chicks.  Half the time I didn’t even realize I was speaking to someone until seconds later, I couldn’t keep up with myself.   
1436	3	a	Basically we walked around Scarborough for three hours until midnight, to me it seemed like half an hour of which not much I remember.  In this time I had many warm conversations with women I had never seen I my life before but I didn’t care about that, I just wanted to go and meet everybody.
1437	3	a	My eyes started to slow a little and the disappointment hit me, I was coming down.  I quickly directed my gaze at the clock, eleven thirty.  I wasn’t fully off the drug yet but coming down before the pass of Newyears was disappointing.  It was almost like I was sober again, everything looked clear and normal, I was still racing at least.  The come down for me was overwhelmingly depressing.  I could still mingle and have fun, but it was nothing compared to the pure joy of the peak of ecstasy.
1438	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1439	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Various (28)
1440	3	a	Good MDMA is so hard to find in my country. Almost anything you find is either cut with all sorts of nasty substances (usually speed and/or caffeine), or so weak that it doesn't do anything at all. When I got contact with someone who had some good Dutch pills, I jumped at the chance, ending up with red Defqons. This was the first time I had sourced my own pills too - a good friend of mine has more contacts than me and usually sources for us.
1441	3	a	My plans for the weekend were to go to a local hardstyle rave and party the night away. I have been around the rave scene for a few years, but, although I had tried Ecstasy (I don't feel it is right to call the local stuff MDMA, in all honesty) a fair few times before, I had never taken it at a proper rave due to the adulterants so common here - I always go to and leave raves on my own, and didn't want to risk getting a bad batch and ending up sick or worse. Since I knew this batch I had were good, clean and strong, I decided to try it.
1442	3	a	My friend, who has a much higher tolerance than me, told me he was getting some MDMA caps on the Friday, and did I want any. I hadn't told him about my Defqons, but casually shrugged it off at the time and told him I would be alright this time. I didn't want to tell him about them when he was sober, since he often teases me about my low tolerance and how I will roll off anything.
1443	3	a	Friday night I was working late shift, and he came into my work. He had obviously had taken a little bit of MDMA, but told me that it was pretty bad quality and he wasn't feeling it very well. He was, however, bouncing off the walls, and casually asked me if I knew where he could get more.
1444	3	a	The reaction I got when I told him I had some on me was priceless. The reaction I got when I showed him what I had was even better - he had never seen a Dutch press personally before, but knew of the stamps and which ones were good. I gave him 2, one for him and one for his friend, and dropped them to their preferred club after I finished work. The last contact I had with him that night was a text message: 'Holy ****, only do half!' 'Holy ****, only do half!' 
1445	3	a	The next evening was my rave. That day I had eaten very little, but had drunk a litre of milk with meal replacement powder in it for breakfast, a standard habit for me, and valuable due to the L-Tryptophan proteins - the precursor to serotonin, the chemical MDMA acts upon - in both the supplement and the milk.
1446	3	a	I chewed half a pill around 11PM (the worst-tasting one I've ever had, that's for sure!), and went and chilled out near the front of the crowd, finding some old friends and chatting for a while. After an hour, I still hadn't come up, and so decided to risk it and take the other half of the pill.
1447	3	a	Typically, I started to peak off the first half within 5 minutes of dropping the second, with the standard reaction of 'Uh oh, that was a bit stupid!' Too late now. Half an hour later, I was pleasantly buzzing, dancing myself silly, making friends, and generally having good fun.
1448	3	a	All of a sudden, I didn't know where I was. This lasted about 10 seconds, and then my next memory is of being in another corner of the rave. This again lasted about 10 seconds. I remember walking across an empty space, but can't remember why. I think I was going to get water. Once again, only a 10 second block that all I can recall is pure euphoria. Even now I get tingles remembering it.
1449	3	a	I lost all track of time and reality. It was only the next day, when I tried to work out how long I was 'out' for (I know I was conscious, however I didn't retain any memories whatsoever), that I worked out I couldn't remember anything of 3 DJ sets, so I was peaking for around 3 hours, with only those 10-second blocks to try and piece together. I was peaking for around 3 hours, with only those 10-second blocks to try and piece together. 
1450	3	a	Around 3AM, I felt like I had crashed, though looking back, I was still rolling incredibly hard. I foolishly ate another half, which seemed to have very little effect, at least to me at that point. I worked out that there was no option but to come down eventually. For the last 2 hours of the rave, I spent most of the time at the back of the crowd, chatting with friends old and new.  
1451	3	a	The rave finished at 6AM, after which I had to take an hour-long train trip to get home. This was when I realized how much more MDMA than usual I had taken. I was looking at my eyes and admiring my huge pupils, and started completely tripping out. I can't remember what I saw, though I wish I could. Any time something changed the rhythm - the train hitting a corner, stopping at a station, or someone talking to me - I would snap back into reality, though it wouldn't be more than 1 minute before I was tripping again. It was incredible.
1452	3	a	When I got home, I attempted to use the computer, however had to give up on that due to eye wiggles making it impossible to read the screen. Apparently I was still tripping out, as I was fascinated with the patterns on the roof, which don't exist in reality at all!
1453	3	a	After a couple of hours I ended up in a deep sleep, however with very vivid dreams. I slept for around 6 hours and woke up feeling extremely good, which surprised me - I was expecting a bad hangover. Later on, I discovered that I was still rolling a little, which was hilarious since I had to work that night. Luckily I didn't do anything too foolish, though I'm pretty sure I was still very out of it.
1454	3	a	- I have Tourettes Syndrome I have Tourettes Syndrome, and MDMA usually cancels all the tics associated with that. However it seems that the high dose (approx 240Mg in total) caused its own tics, which were then amplified by my Tourettes.
1455	3	a	- I naturally am very introverted, however MDMA makes me friendly as anyone. I made more friends in the one night than I had made in 3 years of going to raves sober.
1456	3	a	- Apart from a can of energy drink (which was less than my normal daily caffeine, I didn't want to influence my roll) earlier in the day, I had no chemicals in my system apart from MDMA. The Defqons have been lab tested as just MDMA and binders, hence why I risked a higher dose than I would otherwise consider safe.
1457	3	a	- Next time I dose high MDMA, I am going to attempt to keep a 'roll log' to try and work out what happens in the time I don't remember. That is the only part of the night that I regret - that I can't recall such a big chunk of it.
1458	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1459	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Rave / Dance Event (18)
1460	3	a	There I am, up front and close to the DJ. The party is steadily progressing towards the bittersad, ferocious climax where everyone is too spaced out to properly interact on an intellectual level with the rest of the people. 
1461	3	a	I dance, and suddenly the world dims and increases in intensity at the same time. Oh lord I think, me too? A voiceless voice is heard, emanating from inside me, and I detach from my surroundings. While the music thumps and pounds on relentlessly I see others around me dance in slow-motion, lasers sweeping at half-speed over their twisting, raging bodies. I close my eyes and let the drug -- or is this my subconscious delivering guidance? -- take over. I close my eyes and let the drug -- or is this my subconscious delivering guidance? -- take over. The movement of my limbs orchestrates thoughts, information streaming into me. We have hurt each other, years back, perhaps centuries back, before we were born here. But there is always choice. I can choose to stagnate, to cradle the darkness that was there with me all the time. These emotions of fear are empty, they have no backing. In surrendering to the moment, to love, I wish the best for her and myself without any egotist complications, without fear. I choose not to hold back in our relationship anymore, in any relationship I have with every single person on this planet!
1462	3	a	I open my eyes to look up at the DJ, the controller, God incarnate.
1463	3	a	He / it knows and so do I. There is no good or bad, no right or wrong anymore. There is just fear and love. Letting go versus not-letting go. And then, I let go. The dance obliterated me.
1464	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1465	3	a	MDMA (3) : Rave / Dance Event (18), Music Discussion (22), General (1)
1466	3	a	My boyfriend D and I went on a week-long holiday at the beach. As usual, we seized the opportunity to have some psychedelic experiences that would help us relax and let our mind rest as well as our bodies. We had one MDMA and one LSD experience, in that order. 
1467	3	a	It was about 11 pm when we took 200 mg crystalline MDMA each, prepared in the form of “parachutes”, packed in a cigarette paper. D and I had just had a light dinner, and were feeling relaxed and simultaneously tired because of the perfectly sunny beach day that had passed. 
1468	3	a	Shortly after we took our doses, we decided to lay down on the bed and watch some TV. We watched The Simpsons for about 20 minutes, when I felt my vision become very bright and blurry. I could not focus on the TV anymore, my eyes became tired if I tried to do so. We turned off the TV and put some music on, and stayed still. I had begun to feel nauseous, something that seems to be fundamental in any psychedelic experience I take part in. However, soon I gave in to the music, closed my eyes, and became filled with a sense of smooth wellbeing. Everything was going to be beautiful. 
1469	3	a	My nausea disappeared, and D and I started caressing each other. We took our time, slowly touching each other’s skin in a careful manner. It felt heavenly, as if my sensibility had grown exponentially. We eventually started making out, for many songs, enjoying every second of that magical feeling. We knew we shouldn’t have any sexual expectations in a situation like this because MDMA usually causes erectile dysfunction. But everything felt perfect, and D decided to go down on me. I don’t think I can remember any situation were I felt any closer to the highest realm of pleasure. It was amazing, it felt like forever. Eventually we started having sex, in a slow tempo. D said that even though he wasn’t able to finish, he felt incredible during the performance. He also mentioned that his penis felt weird, like rubber, although still firm. Meanwhile, I was in heaven. After this, it started pouring outside. Lightning could be seen through the curtains at the windows. It also roared with thunder. We were suddenly immersed in another world, in a cabin in the tropical forest. The music melted with the natural sounds. 
1470	3	a	The feeling of relaxation was extreme. I thought I’d probably like to dance and jump like I did in other rolls, but this was totally different. My body felt heavy, but soft and beautiful. At about 2.30 am, we did a redose of 50 mg each. All the feelings I mentioned before became exacerbated in about ten minutes. Also, my head started to hurt, and this headache became stronger quickly. I decided to take 500mg naproxen and laid down. I remained in a conscious state similar to the wake-sleep limbo, and the pain went away. 
1471	3	a	At 4:20 am we decided it would be a nice moment to light up a joint of the bunch we had prepared for the occasion. We usually like to elongate our psychedelic LSD, MDMA or DMT experiences with a bonus cannabis trip. We usually like to elongate our psychedelic LSD, MDMA or DMT experiences with a bonus cannabis trip. The result was exactly as expected: like in previous trips, we felt as if we were navigating through reality in a close environment. This time, the room became some sort of spaceship for us. Outside, it was gradually beginning to dawn. The only window, which was covered by an orange curtain, was our only way to peek into the world. The room, which I have known for years and is totally familiar to me, became deformed, its strange 5-wall geometry appeared even more ridiculous, really resembling the front part of a spaceship. Later on, we discussed about this episode and thought that it might in some way be an out-of body experience, in the sense that it involves a feeling of peeking into reality from a neutral, observant position (the spaceship in this case). These sort of curious experience, feeling part of a spaceship or some sort of video game, had also happened to us in a previous MDMA+cannabis trip. We talked about our bizarre thoughts, and smoked about 4 joints. I didn’t feel glitchy like I sometime do when I roll. We finally fell asleep, music still on. 
1472	3	a	The next day we awoke at about 3 pm, and had a beautiful afterglow. We bought some cake, went to the beach and ate it by the sea while we drank some mate. The feeling remained for many hours, until the following day.
1473	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1474	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Sex Discussion (14), Glowing Experiences (4), General (1)
1475	3	a	I have a mild case of bipolar type 2, for which I do not take SSRIs or mood stabilizers (I prefer to seek non-prescription alternatives, and think the current resurgence of interest from the psychiatric community in the area of “psychedelic therapy” is very promising). I have some state-dependent anxiety, but do not normally experience panic attacks. My long-distance boyfriend and co-tripper, E, is 25, around 70 kg and 178 cm with no psychiatric diagnoses, though I sometimes suspect him of having Asperger’s tendencies :D I take 200 mg of caffeine in pill form each morning, though by the time of the trip in question this had surely been metabolized already. According to my gene scan (23andme), I’m a fast metabolizer of certain drugs, especially stimulants, and have a high likelihood of treatment resistance with many SSRIs, which is relevant here, as MDMA may have a similar mechanism of action to SSRIs.
1476	3	a	E and I took MDMA at 1 am in my apartment approximately half an hour after dinner. We had no scale, so we carefully separated the gram we had obtained from a domestic seller in the EU on one of the dark markets, a seller we had used previously and been happy with, by sight into 5 doses of 200 mg each. I removed roughly 15% from mine, which I pushed to E’s portion, and dissolved the remaining 85% in a couple tablespoons of juice in a shot glass, and took it as a shot. E dissolved his into roughly 200 ml juice and ingested it more slowly. 
1477	3	a	I didn’t have to wait long - within perhaps 15 minutes my vision and spatial perception began to distort; my body became very warm and I had extremely vivid closed-eye hallucinations, like lightning on the back of my eyelids. I became very afraid, as this was not how I remembered the climb feeling on x I became very afraid, as this was not how I remembered the climb feeling on x (more of a “wave” of pleasure), and I feared we may have taken something else (just writing this is making my hands sweat). I stood and felt a burning sensation in my head as if my brain were on fire. I opened the window and began taking off my clothes slowly, and asked E, making sure to keep my voice very calm and measured, if he had his phone handy in case we had to call the emergency services. I was convinced at this point that I was going to die (though I was not outwardly in hysterics). E was evidently also beginning to feel it, as he began talking very quickly and moving with jerky motions. At least, I believe this is the case, though my time perception may have been skewed and only made it seem that way. I asked E to talk more slowly and laid down on the floor, closing my eyes and breathing deeply. (EDIT: E says he was not feeling the effects by this point; my perception was simply distorted enough to see him as if he was in fast-forward.)
1478	3	a	After feeling somewhat less panicky I stood again, and E and I laid down against the wall on top of a blanket and some pillows. The panic faded, and I was convinced that we had, in fact, taken ecstasy, as I suddenly felt overwhelmingly good and very cuddly. My time perception and memory from the trip are somewhat skewed, so some events may be missing, and the ones I present may not be in the correct order. 
1479	3	a	At some point we examined our pupils, and they were extremely dilated. E told me about his best friend’s obsession with recording trips scientifically, which I thought was a very good idea, so he grabbed a piece of paper and put a pencil in my mouth for some reason (he has since claimed it’s because I said I had no hands, but I don’t think that really happened). I wasn’t filled with energy - while I wasn’t tired in the least, throughout the entire trip I felt content to remain in one spot (cuddling with E) and was incredibly placid. I didn’t feel the need to move quickly or sharply. When we did walk around, our muscles felt weak and silly. 
1480	3	a	Open-eye hallucinations began early in the trip and persisted throughout the entire thing. The things I saw were mostly amusing - E’s face composed of tiny jigsaw puzzles, red dots floating across his hair, etc. All patterns contained themselves to one discrete area, and never changed or repeated themselves in other places. We talked for many, many hours about things we normally would never think to share, or wouldn’t feel comfortable with. E told me his entire life story, and I spent a lot of time playing with his limp dick (in large part out of tactile fascination) and, when prompted, gave my own life history, broken into pieces that my diminished short term memory could handle. 
1481	3	a	When we began coming down, E asked if I wanted to extend the trip, and I was a bit apprehensive about overdoing it, especially in light of a recent mood episode, and the uncertainty of comedown effects, but I said I’d do more if he would. We split one of the 200 mg doses evenly and went again, and I felt a slight bump but had no extreme climb like the beginning. Some time later we decided to extend it one more time, but to do full doses this time to see if we could get a full effect. As I recall, I had a slight bump without feeling too different, but remained in a state of connectedness and tranquility for a long time. 
1482	3	a	The high faded very, very gently, almost so gradually I that I wasn’t aware of it leaving, only the progressive onset of sleepiness. For several hours we had been grinding our teeth constantly and had ruined a couple of E’s cards with toothmarks. In all, the trip lasted around 8 hours over 1 gram split between two people. We climbed into bed and slept a while, got up and had some food, then slept a few more hours. I felt the afterglow the entire next day, and was filled with new optimism and felt a dramatically closer bond with E. Physiologically, I hadn’t regained much appetite and was still very shaky. 
1483	3	a	When I woke the following day at 3 am (E was out of town at this point) I felt very weird in a general way. I was very dizzy and had an acute lack of balance. I’d had difficulty going to sleep the night before, experiencing uncontrollable twitching every few seconds as well as auditory hallucinations of a crowd of people and music that grew louder until they were deafening and I was forced to sit up (whereupon they vanished). Within an hour of waking I’d begun feeling actively bad, and for several hours I had a racing heart, was trembling very noticeably, had impaired motor control, was very nauseous with mild lock-jaw-type symptoms, and felt a sense of encroaching dread. I tried to calm myself, but after a while I became increasingly convinced that I was going to have a heart attack and die, as my heart rate went through the roof despite my lying down and performing breathing exercises. I didn’t know what to do, so I called E and woke him up and told him about my symptoms. This had a slight calming effect, and I was able to lie down and read while he went back to sleep.
1484	3	a	The nausea and elevated heart rate/delirium with movement persisted for a couple days, though the other effects (panic, etc) did not. The nausea and elevated heart rate/delirium with movement persisted for a couple days, though the other effects (panic, etc) did not. These were clearly overdose effects; E didn’t experience anything similar (nor did he hallucinate at any point).
1485	3	a	As for mood effects, the trip has resulted in more than just a (very) nice memory. Besides the panic attack, I have had an elevated mood for the past five days and have felt much more capable of handling stressors and my workload. I feel a stronger connection with E, and less of the feeling of emptiness that usually occurs immediately after his visits end. I haven’t had any hint of a mood event, and am not scared of another one occurring anytime in the near future. In all, I feel like a much calmer, more reflective version of myself.
1486	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1487	3	a	MDMA (3) : Hangover / Days After (46), Therapeutic Intent or Outcome (49), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1488	3	a	So, me and my 2 best friends decided to try some E.  After asking around for acid tabs for about a month, we came across a kid that didnt have acid, but E instead.  He offered to get us some and we agreed, cause we were shit bored.
1489	3	a	So we got the pills around 4 pm on a saturday.  We all met up and took the pills by 5.  As soon as I took the pill, I got anxious and jittery waiting for the effects.  
1490	3	a	After about 20 minutes, my friend A and I started to feel the effects.  I felt a little euphoria and lightness, almost like cannibis-high.  However, my other friend R didnt feel anything.  
1491	3	a	We all decided to go for a walk.  The temperature outside was agreeable so we werent freezing cold or anything.  We began to walk and A and I started to feel the effects pretty quick after that. 
1492	3	a	I walked maybe twenty feet before I felt like half of my weight was erased.  I developed a sharp spring in my step, and my vision was floaty and slightly blurred when I looked around, however my eyesight was sharper.  
1493	3	a	It wasnt long before I realized that everything felt so damn weird.  I stuck my hand in my pocket to look at my phone, and it felt like twice its size.  My phone felt like the God of phones, it just felt so cool, I cant explain it.   Soon we were rubbing our hands together, touching out hair and face, I could feel my face exactly the way it looks, with so much detail.  I touched my nose and looked at it in a different way, and ill never look at it the same again. My penis and balls also felt amazing, like a pornstar's.
1494	3	a	So we decided to walk to the highschool. On the way, we talked and laughed, the whole way.  The bond between us tightened so much in that 5 minutes.  I was in the best mood I'd ever been in, and I knew there was no way I could say a mean word to anyone at that moment, because I felt like I loved everything and everyone around me.  
1495	3	a	Walking was amazing.  I discovered myself walking straighter and taller than ever.  I was relaxed and flowing and everything just felt so natural.  
1496	3	a	We got to the school, and got bored really quick and left.  We ended up at a park nearby, this was where we discovered the true fun of E.
1497	3	a	We got to the park and A's ex girlfriend came to hang out with us.  I remember giving her a friendly hug and it was the best hug that I've ever gotten. I felt like I was drowning in her touch. 
1498	3	a	There was a baseball field in the park.  We decided to go for a jog.
1499	3	a	I hopped the fence into the outfield and realized how high I could jump, and how fast I was.  I ran around the outfield for a few minutes. I felt like I was just floating really fast, hovering above the ground.  I couldnt even tell that I still had legs, I was so god damn fast. Everything passed me by as if I were traveling 100 mph.  When I jumped, I felt like I had just jumped on the moon, and the gravity was lessened. I seemed to jump 3 times higher than normal.
1500	3	a	We soon left the park, got into A's ex girlfriend's car, and she drove us home.  
1501	3	a	When the car began to accelerate, I felt like my eyes stayed in the same place, and only my body moved with the car.  Then I felt like my eyes and body launched forward. It was like being on a rollercoaster.
1502	3	a	We ended up back at R's house and by this time, I had come down alot, and wasnt rolling balls anymore.  It was about 8 oclock and I went and had dinner with my dad.  We had amazing conversations that probably wouldnt have happened if I were strait.  
1503	3	a	Later on, we tried to get more E.  We were willing to go out at 1 AM to get it if we had to.  But instead we had to wait till the next day.  
1504	3	a	Overall this experience was great.  I did E again 3 times more that week.  I felt brain dead in school all week, it really fried my brain.
1505	3	a	R didnt start to feel his effects until A and I came down.  This was because he had eaten alot beforehand.  This happened to me in one of my instances as well.
1506	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1507	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1508	3	a	After talking to a friend of mine about drugs, we decided to take XTC (MDMA) that night. We went to our favorite (and only, damn this rural town) club and took a pill. About fifteen minutes later he said he had some pills in his wallet, so we took one from his supply as well. I didn't know how much MDMA the pills contained, I wasn't interested: I already was drunk. I didn't know how much MDMA the pills contained, I wasn't interested: I already was drunk. 
1509	3	a	Our ways separated and both of us went talking to some other friends. It was after, say, 45 minutes untill the pills kicked in hard. I was a little drunk, but the effects of the MDMA wiped out all the effects of alcohol. My mood lifted immediately and I had the biggest smile on my face I'd ever seen. The music and colour changed from 'nice' to 'superb', and I couldn't resist telling the world I'd taken two pills. Because of the high dosage of MDMA, the speedy effect kicked in. My jaw was clenched, and I couldn't keep it in one position. This was the first thing which annoyed me about the drug.
1510	3	a	About one hour later, I saw the friend with whom I had taken MDMA again. He was sweating very heavily. He told me he had taken another two pills, so he had taken 4 pills that evening. One pill contained about 125 mg MDMA, so he had taken 500 mg MDMA. He went to the bathroom, threw up and left. I remained, the only one in the club who had taken X. I began worrying: if he, an experienced XTC user, had such severe side-effects, what would happen to me? I didn't want to die from an OD, especially not on a first time. I got a little worried.
1511	3	a	The side-effects began annoying me even more. I wanted to have control over my jaws, I didn't want to feel this way any more. I didn't like it. The positive effect was too artificial, the side-effect were annoying. I didn't want to feel this way any more. I didn't like it. The positive effect was too artificial, the side-effect were annoying. I started sweating, I didn't want to feel this way any more. I wanted to go home, but I didn't want to go alone, the idea freaked me out. I don't know why, I just felt that someone should take care of me if I had taken an OD.  At last, a friend of mine left the club and went home. Because he lived close to me, I could go with him. When I was home, I still had the speedy effect from the high dose of MDMA. I decided to take my bike and go. I didn't know where to, I just felt I should go. I didn't want to sleep yet.
1512	3	a	After fifteen minutes of insanity on a bike, I went home and decided to try and go to sleep. Normally, when I go to sleep, I think about the things I did during the day and decide what I want to do tomorrow. When I'm sober, that's a way to relax. However, while on XTC, my thoughts kept racing through my mind. I couldn't keep focused on one thought, it disappeared as quickly as it had appeared. I thought I went crazy, and was still afraid of an OD. After half an hour of pure hell, pure loneliness and with my thoughts racing, I decided I couldn't get to sleep. I felt lonely, just having moved into a strange house which wasn't mine yet (at least, that's the way I felt). I don't remember ever feeling that lonely at 6 am.
1513	3	a	The day after, I told my mum. I thought she should know, and psychologically, the MDMA still had a little effect. She jumped and told me to never do it again. I agreed. That, plus my low on serotonin, created a day even worse than the night I'd taken X. I was depressed all night long, I didn't know what to do, couldn't get to sleep, kept thinking of suicide. I was afraid of everything, of the world, of all the people I told I'd taken X. I was embarrassed, I didn't think I should live anymore. These feelings disappeared after two days, but it were the worst two days I can remember.
1514	3	a	I'm not saying an MDMA experience can't be something to enjoy. I made a big mistake not knowing what I'd taken (I'd only heard about XTC as a party drug, like alcohol or speed) and how much I'd take. I completely underestimated MDMA I completely underestimated MDMA and this report might be read as a bad trip report. Either way, I won't do it again.
1515	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1516	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Difficult Experiences (5), Hangover / Days After (46), Various (28)
1517	3	a	I'll give you a bit of background info before talking about my experience in case any of it helps explain the result. I'm 21, female, 5'8'. I haven't weighed myself in a long time, but I'd guess ~160 lbs. I've been smoking weed semi-frequently for a few years now and I've tripped on LSD plenty of times; I had a bad experience once or twice, but I'm really well adjusted to it now and have become excellent at maintaining a good mental state during the trip. I've dealt with anxiety and depression in waves my whole life. I used to take cymbalta from 2015-mid 2017, then wasn't on anything until spring this year when I started taking wellbutrin. However, at the time that I took MDMA I hadn't been on my meds for about a month (took a while to get a refill, what can you do).
1518	3	a	So - this experience was in early August. I got my MDMA from an extremely trusted, close friend. He researches the biochemistry of all of the drugs he uses and sells; he's also currently a chemistry student so he can at least make better sense of the research than someone with no background. He tests everything for purity before he sells it as well, and plenty of people had already rolled from the same batch as mine and had very typical experiences.
1519	3	a	I took 120mg at around 1pm. A friend of mine took his dose only 20 minutes before. We were just at home, hanging out with our close friends in a relaxed environment. About an hour in I was able to see it affecting him. Slowly getting more giddy, being totally fascinated with touch, etc. So I waited for my turn since I was only 20 minutes behind, after all. I got plenty of body load. Like the same kind of tenseness that I've felt on LSD so many times. I thought this was a good sign and I kept waiting, but nothing really happened beyond that. No change in mood, no tactile fun. I checked and my pupils were extremely dilated - I felt reassured that, yes, I was in fact on drugs. My friend was having a great time and wandered off after a while with a third friend who was on LSD. And I kind of just laid there, listening to music for several hours. Not because the music was having some different effect on me, but because I was extremely relaxed to the point of not really being able/motivated to do anything else. Actually, I felt really sleepy. I tried to nap because I had given up at that point on having a typical rolling experience, but I couldn't sleep at all because I was still on a psychedelic. So for at least half of the time, I laid on the couch with my eyes closed, listening to music, and physically tense from the body load. for at least half of the time, I laid on the couch with my eyes closed, listening to music, and physically tense from the body load. I had other sober friends around; I didn't feel like talking to them at all. I ate dinner at one point and later took a melatonin when I wanted to go to bed.
1520	3	a	My friend/dealer thinks that I might just be one of those people who needs a higher dose, but I'm a huge lightweight for literally everything I've ever used. 3 drinks and I'm drunk, 3 bong rips and I'm toasted, and I would never be able to handle more than 150-175 micrograms of LSD. I wonder if the cymbalta (an SNRI) has temporarily or permanently changed the way my serotonin receptors work. I've heard it can take months to years, if at all, for that to function to become normal again. Maybe I'll try again someday with a slightly higher dose, but I'll be satisfied with LSD in the meantime.
1521	3	a	Tl;dr - Basically the title. Nothing good or bad happened, I was just physically tense and a little disappointed.
1522	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1523	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Combinations (3), Depression (15), First Times (2), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1524	3	a	Last weekend I had my first 'real' experience with ecstasy, and it totally changed my life, in a good way.  I had experimented with ecstasy 2 times prior to this time, but both times were in small doses and I never really found the desired effects (you know... Feeling connected to others, music sounding spectacular, etc..).  In terms of drug experience, I've done marijuana, alcohol, tobacco, salvia, and coke.  But now onto the experience...
1525	3	a	Two of my friends and I attended ETD POP 2008 in san francisco, which is basically a big rave with top world DJs (I.e. Tiesto was there).  When we arrived my friend and I took a Molly (pure MDMA powder in a capsule), and then we went and stood in line to get in.  There were fifteen thousand ppl, so it took a while to get into the venue, about 45 minutes.  We made small talk with the two people in front of us, an indian guy and short blond chick.  They seemed like nice people, but I was more concerned with how I was feeling, so I didn't make much of the two stangers... But they come back later.
1526	3	a	So finally we get into the main stage area (the trance section of the rave/concert).  And the music sounds really crisp and clear, and I feel good, but I don't feel like I'm truly 'rolling.'  So I take a pink playboy pill, and about 40 minutes later I experienced a feeling that I've never in my life felt... It's unexplainable.  I just feel so good.  Uninhibited. Friendly. Sympathetic to people's feelings.  Loving.  Wanting to make a connection.  It was just a great feeling. I just feel so good.  Uninhibited. Friendly. Sympathetic to people's feelings.  Loving.  Wanting to make a connection.  It was just a great feeling... I'm happy, I can feel every beat of the music pulsing through my body, and I'm just up and dancing, feeling myself (tacticle sensation is really amplified).  So my friends and I are giving each other massages, which we would never do if we weren't on this drug.  And we have people give us a personal light show.  Basically, I'm sitting in a chair and someone is standing directly in front of me with either phototon lights or color finger lights and they're making patterns and just moving the lights in crazy directions, and the lights just put me in a trance.  It sounds weird, but it's incredible.
1527	3	a	And now for the best part of the night.... So I'm peaking.  Everything in my life is PERFECT.  Not a worry.  Just feeling very loving and happy, a feeling I haven't felt in a long while. But this feeling is like that multiplied by 1000.  Imagine being the happiest you could ever feel, and multiplying that by 100. I feel like we are all 'one,' like deep inside us we all have some unifying element.  I'm telling my friends that I'm having such a great time, and that I love them.  So I'm just 'feeling' the music and having a good time, and I turn around, and who do I see?  Out of 15,000 ppl here, I see the two people that were standing in front of us in line.  And let me tell you, I have never in my life felt so connected to two indivuals in my entire life.  And these are people I met about 2 hours ago, in line, and no virtually nothing about.  But I was so excited and happy to see them, it was unexplainable.  It was like seeing your best friend that you haven't seen in 10 years, but even stronger than that.  I felt so connected to two strangers.  I remember saying that I was so happy to see them, and that I love them, and that this is was my first rave and that I was having a great time.  They both gave me hugs back and said that they were happy two see me, with big smiles on their faces.  They were both said they were happy to see me, and that this was their first rave two (however, I know it wasn't... And know that they knew this was my first time rolling, but  honestly, I felt that they were just such genuine, loving people.)  Never in my life have I ever felt so connected (on such a deep level) to two people, let alone strangers, in my entire life.  It was incredible and taught me that we are all the same on the inside.  All human beings share something inside that unifies us.
1528	3	a	That was easily the most memorable part of the night, the night that took my experience with ecstasy to a whole new level.  The rest of the night... After I finished talking to my 'new best friends,' my friend and I went to buy water, and I remember going up to random people saying 'this is my first rave. I'm so happy' and I remember this one raver chick who looked down about something, put on a fake smile and said enthusiastically 'omg me too!' and I believed her and all was still right in the world.  Not a worry in me.  I then proceeded to call my sister and tell her that I was having the best night of my life. And then bought water, and went back into the venue, chewing gum nonstop the whole night (my jaw was a little sore the next day).  The music sounded good and everything, and I slowly started to come down.
1529	3	a	By 1:30 - 2am we were in the car in the parking lot, waiting to leave, and I felt pretty down/depressed.  It almost seemed like the whole night was a distant memory.  And as much as the coming down sucked, the emotions/feelings/sensations I felt that night were definitely worth it.  It's a night I'll never forget.
1530	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1531	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Music Discussion (22), Festival / Lg. Crowd (24)
1532	3	a	Intravenous (IV) injection of crushed pills/tablets can be very dangerous due to unknown substances, binders, and fillers present. Any substance injected directly into the blood stream should be very pure. Clean needles and medically appropriate techniques should be used to avoid serious injury or death.] 
1533	3	a	I had procured a couple of tablet of MDMA from a reliable source, and was told it was very good and pure X. Up to this point, my wife and I had an extensive drug history, with years of IV use. I was curious to find out what mainlined MDMA was like. I crushed the tablet in a spoon, disolved it in water and drew the liquid into a syringe. There was a little undissolved substance left. I tied off and got a register immediately. I pushed it in. I started to feel a ringer coming on like shooting coke, but less pronounced, but then I was hit by the X. All material reality around me turned into molecules of color, very random and confused, and it sounded like chipmonks chattering in my mind. Chip and Dale from those old cartoons. I sat dumbly down on the bed and said to my wife, 'better do only half, my dear.' My body just expelled all this sweat. I must have dumped a gallon of sweat five minutes. The thought came to me that this might mean a trip to the hospital. The rush continued for about a half hour or so. It just kept coming on and on like some trainwreck. Very unpleasant and frightening. I had to remove all my clothes as they were soaking wet. Finally the rush tapered off and I felt I was out of danger. I vowed never to do something so stupid ever again. I haven't picked up a rig since I feel like I almost died and my head got so hot, I'm sure I fried more than a couple of neurons.
1534	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1535	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Difficult Experiences (5), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1536	3	a	This report is not so much about an experience whilst high, but rather about an intense hangover/comedown from a high dose of MDMA.
1537	3	a	For some context: I am an experienced recreational drug user, of multiple substances, and particularly MDMA. I have taken fairly massive doses before, including on consecutive days (for example at music festivals) without any seriously negative after effects except for tiredness and some standard low-serotonin blues. In the few years immediately prior to the incident in question, however, I had seriously tapered off my use, and had only been using (any substance) on an average of about one or two occasions a year.
1538	3	a	So: I went to a music festival, which was over three days. I hadn’t been to a festival or partied with this group of friends for a couple of years, so it was going to be a special occasion and I was planning on going all out. I had white, powdered MDMA, most of which I had packed into the small size gel capsule pills. I did not weigh it out, but I would estimate that each capsule would have between 100-125mg. I had done one capsule of MDMA from this same source several months previously and had been absolutely flying, and was excited to do it again. I am confident it is fairly pure, as I was purchasing it from a dealer well known to me who was purchasing directly from the ‘manufacturer,’ and my prior experience with it hadn’t felt ‘speedy.’
1539	3	a	The first night, I started with half a pill. I didn’t feel much, and after about 45 minutes I did the second half, and bumped a little bit. I was feeling pretty good after that, but was also super tired and sleepy so decided to go to bed by about 2 am to rest up for the next couple of days.
1540	3	a	The second day I did half a tab of acid, which had me feeling happy and seeing some nice chill visuals, but nothing intense. In the evening I did a full pill of MDMA, but after about an hour I still wasn’t feeling much again, so did some finger dips of loose powder in the baggie. I did this a few times over the next couple of hours, and definitely felt high but still not ‘flying.’ I probably did a total of about 2 pills this night. I managed to stay up til sunrise but I was still really tired and it was a bit of a slog.
1541	3	a	The third and final day, I did a full tab of acid but had fewer effects and visuals than the previous day, as often happens with hallucinogens the second day in a row. I was also drinking alcohol moderately throughout the day. Although I was having a really good time partying and hanging out with my friends, by this time I was definitely feeling a bit disappointed in the highs (or lack thereof) I had been experiencing so far that weekend, and decided to basically go all in on the last night. 
1542	3	a	I started that night with some MDMA I got from a friend, it was brown and crystalline, and we had to break it up. I did a solid finger full of it, again hard to estimate but probably at least 125mg, perhaps up to 150mg. About 45 minutes later, I shared another half capsule dissolved in some juice, with a friend (so, another about 50 mg). After this I still was not feeling the high I was looking for, and did several more finger dips of my own MDMA, over the course of the next hour-at least another 100-150mg. At this point I started absolutely flying. I went on to have a fabulous fucking night, dancing with my tits out until sunrise, doing another couple finger dips at about 2 am, and then a final (very unnecessary) bump of half a pill at 5 in the morning, for some reason, because it was offered. It is very hard to estimate how much MDMA I did this evening as it was all loose powder, but I would say at least 300mg and up to 500mg.
1543	3	a	The final (Sunday) night of the festival, I slept for a couple of hours, then woke up and packed up to leave. I was definitely still high and buzzing when I woke up. For the rest of that day, Monday, I mainly felt super exhausted (and I had chewed up my tongue from clenching my jaw like crazy the night before) but apart from that I was pretty ok, and I basically went to sleep as soon as I got home.
1544	3	a	When I woke up the next day, Tuesday, I felt absolutely terrible. I was incredibly dizzy and light headed. When I went to sit up from bed or stand up, my vision would black out, like from low blood pressure. My ears were ringing really loudly (I think this could also have been partly related to hearing damage from the bass, although I did wear earplugs close to the speakers). I also felt very nauseous, and threw up a few times: whenever I tried to get out of bed to stand up, I would feel off balance and stumble and get a wave of intense nausea, a lot like having vertigo. My head felt super thick and like I couldn’t think straight, and I felt completely drained and exhausted. All I wanted to do was go back to sleep, but the intense ringing in my ears and dizzy/buzzing sensation in my brain made me feel so ill I couldn’t sleep. I did manage to get up to shower and eat some food, but didn’t really have any appetite at all. I also found myself uncontrollably crying at a few points on this day.
1545	3	a	On Wednesday, it actually got worse. I was incredibly nauseous all day, and I couldn’t get out of bed at all. When I tried to stand up, my vision would black out and I would feel so off balance I would almost immediately throw up, which happened multiple times throughout the day. I couldn’t eat anything all day. I was getting cold sweats. The ringing in my ears felt like it was consuming me and I couldn’t escape it. For a while I even curled up in the shower because it felt cool and I could throw up in there without moving far. It was absolutely fucking miserable. The dizziness and lightheadedness was worse as well-even lying down on my bed, I felt like the whole world was spinning and all I could do was lie there with my eyes closed and try to concentrate on breathing. Any sort of sharp noise was unbearable and made my ears and head ring-even the keyboard tapping or door closing. I noticed that the symptoms were worse when I moved or turned my head, so I tried to stay still-otherwise I would get an intense wave, or ‘zap’ of dizziness through my head. It felt quite similar to what I had experienced several years previously when I was withdrawing from antidepressents (Effexor), but was much more intense. At this point I was getting seriously concerned I had done something to permanently damage my brain.
1546	3	a	On Thursday, my symptoms started to marginally improve, although I had a new weird headache far back in my head behind both ears. I managed to leave the house for a short while to pick up some 5 HTP, Magnesium, and some Vitamin C, which I immediately started taking (200 mg of 5 HTP). I was still feeling exceptionally dizzy/had the intense brain zap effect whenever I tried to move too quickly, and l had the ringing in my ears, but was feeling less nauseous. I still felt extremely tired and was out of breath just from walking around the store. I still spent most of this day in bed as well.
1547	3	a	Over the next three days, my symptoms incrementally improved each day. By the following Monday, a full week afterwards, I finally woke up and noticed the ringing in my ears was mostly gone, my dizziness was almost not noticeable, and I actually felt able to finally leave the house and go to a coffee shop to meet a friend for the first time. However, even for about a full ten days after that, I would get the occasional wave of unusual intense dizziness-usually when standing up from sitting, or when turning my head quickly.
1548	3	a	All in all, I was basically debilitated for an entire week by this experience, and it was definitely pretty scary at points, feeling like perhaps I had done some irreversible damage to myself. Being able to read online other people’s similar experiences with this, and that they did recover from it, definitely helped to reassure me that I was eventually going to be ok.
1549	3	a	I think what happened was a massive serotonin deficit, which is why it had felt so similar to the experience of withdrawing from antidepressants. The fact I had done MDMA several days in a row, and then such a huge dose on the final night, definitely compounded this. I am not sure why I was so affected on this particular occasion, when I had done similar quantities in the past with no ill effects, but it may be related to my older age (I’m in my early 30s now, whereas most of my heavier drug use was in my early/mid twenties) and the fact I hadn’t been doing substances regularly at all in the years preceding it. What I have learned from this is that I am going to refrain from doing MDMA multiple nights in a row from now on What I have learned from this is that I am going to refrain from doing MDMA multiple nights in a row from now on, and I am going to have more restraint in terms of redosing throughout a night-I definitely, definitely, didn’t need those extra finger dips or bumps I took after midnight, I was just doing it because it was there and offered to me. 
1550	3	a	I had always regarded MDMA as a pretty harmless drug, and more or less impossible to actually overdose on (pure MDMA, anyway). This has really been a wake up call to me that MDMA is indeed a very powerful chemical that alters your brain chemistry, and needs to be treated with serious care and respect.
1551	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1552	3	a	MDMA (3) : Festival / Lg. Crowd (24), Multi-Day Experience (13), Hangover / Days After (46), Health Problems (27), General (1)
1553	3	a	I live with 60 other students in a vibrant, cheerful, and creative student home. Last semester was my first semester living in the house and first time attending a party where the tradition is to take MDMA and have food, dancing, and nudity a part of the evening. 
1554	3	a	I had energy throughout the day and spent it relaxing with my roommate. I was slightly nervous leading up to the event. Basically, the house spends the day setting up the party. I smoked weed in the afternoon and had a sip of beer before dinner.
1555	3	a	I took 100mg of MDMA after we had dinner. I was dancing, having fun, and waiting for it to kick in. However, I grew impatient after not feeling the effects in an hour and took another 100mg. I started to feel the roll when I was sitting on my friend's lap. I was kissing my friends on the cheek and felt at ease. But, slowly I could feel my heart rate increase and my mind felt out of my control, I felt anxiety about how high I was and if I was safe. I had to take a step outside for fresh air. My friends asked me questions and I felt overwhelmed. I yelled at them 'No more questions.' Next, I started to sing 'Come Together' by the Beatles. I still felt out of control and went inside to lay down on cushions people had placed on the floor. My roommate came to comfort me, and we went to our room. My roommate pulled out some pink ecstasy pills which made me feel uncomfortable. She put half in her beer and drank it. 
1556	3	a	 I felt extremely cold at one point and had to huddle for warmth by the fire, under blankets to feel warm. I held my friend's hand.
1557	3	a	I wanted to be happy and energetic but my sense of euphoria wore off quickly. I was terrified I took too much and convinced myself that I was in danger at one point. I had funny and light-hearted conversation with my friends. I went to sleep at 4 am and woke up the next day at 12 pm. 
1558	3	a	I felt sad, drained, and scared the next day. Loss of appetite, nausea, fatigue, and anxiety. I thought I had seriously hurt myself by taking the dose I took. I talked to my friend after I made myself a small breakfast. I felt overwhelmed by my emotions, told my friend I would see them later, and then went to my room to cry. I felt like I needed to get away from the house. 
1559	3	a	I currently feel normal, happy, and successful. I am not planning on taking MDMA again.
1560	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1561	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Hangover / Days After (46), Difficult Experiences (5), Large Party (54)
1562	3	a	I feel I had a unique experience that I must share.  But mostly, I feel that posting about it will help me remember it better.
1563	3	a	My first time with E was during a Spiritualized concert. 
1564	3	a	A friend and I took it.  I was warned that I would make me weak in the knees and dehydrated.  We went in a big group to the concert but only 2 of us took it.  I took it about 20 minutes before the concert started.  I found a friend from highschool in the crowd and smoked a spliff with him as the band did a great rendition of Cop Shoot Cop.  The show was going to be amazing, I knew this even before the drug began to kick in.  The first thing I noticed that changed was that I began to blink rapidly, almost with the rhythm.  I was bouncing my hand off my thigh with the rhythm as well.  Then I saw spots from the lights, they looked like leopard spots and they danced among the blinking lights, I don't know if the blinking came from the stage or from my eyes, but those spots were dancing.
1565	3	a	Then I began to sweat and sweat and sweat.  My blinking increased speed and then everything went black.  And I saw changing colors on a black canvas.  Green, blue, red, and then I saw a black silhouette of a face in front of me, with the backdrop being the black colored canvas.  Then I saw another silhouette, and a third.  The silhouettes were evenly spaced in a circle almost.  I knew this was wierd.  Then I hear my name being called, and called, and called.  Then I realize that I was lying on my back looking up at the ceiling of the venue.  The changing colors had been the lights from the stage reflecting off of the ceiling.  The silhouettes were people around me that were trying to get me to wake up.
1566	3	a	I sat up, but I didn't wake up, simply because I never passed out.  I was fully conscious the whole time.  As best I could tell, what had happened was that I lost all control of every single voluntary muscle in my body.  I was dissoriented and dizzy, I could not comprehend what my eyes were seeing.  I could not make sense of the world around me.  I didn't hear any voices while I was on the ground, all I heard was that beautiful, beautiful music being played on stage.  It was as if I had been detached from the physical world, all that was around me didn't matter for those 5 seconds I was on the floor.
1567	3	a	Then I had to get up and walk out of the crowd.  Luckily for me I had two friends with me at the time, they took such good care of me.  All I kept saying to them was 'I love you' 'I love you guys'.  They were my favorite people in the world ever.  They helped me out of the crowd; I went and sat on the wall away from the crowd.  I had some water and relaxed for about 20 minutes.  Then I found me an empty chair and sat for another 15 minutes while my dizziness left me.  As I sat there, my sense of hearing suddenly exploded.  It was as if I could hear every single sound in that club.  I heard every single individual voice as it spoke.  I couldn't tell what they were saying, but I knew from what direction they were coming from.  If I wanted to find one, I could.  My sense of hearing multiplied itself by a thousand.
1568	3	a	People looked so good to me at this time.  I saw a guy sitting behind me who I didn't know, his head in his hands, and all I thought at the time was that this person was my E brother, he had the same dizziness I felt.  Eventually I got enough energy to get back into the crowd.  I found my friend who rolled with me that night.  'How you feeling,' I asked.  He said 'absolutely great'.  'Me too' I replied, 'me too.'
1569	3	a	I enjoyed the rest of the concert, and the rest of the evening.  I could not stop smiling the rest of the night.  I couldn't have, even if I tried.  The spill on the venue floor was a little scary, but I got over it.  The reason for that I think was that I had not eaten a bite since breakfast, almost 12 hours ago and hadn't really had any water that day.  Maybe if I had had some food, it would not have rushed right through my system and slammed me into this brick wall of euphoria.  As good as it was, there was too much pleasure crammed into too small an amount of time; so much so that I lost control of my physical body.  Overall it was an unbelievable experience.  I don't know if I'll do it again, but if I do, I know I will enjoy it.
1570	3	a	The best part about it was the next morning.  Driving around, and looking at the people in their cars as I drove past them, gave me such a sense of peace and happiness.  The world was a happy place that morning, at least for me.  The drug, I assumed had wore off, but the peaceful feeling came back to me every time I thought about what happened the night before.
1571	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1572	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Difficult Experiences (5), Music Discussion (22), Hangover / Days After (46), Festival / Lg. Crowd (24)
1573	3	a	Let me preface this by saying I am not an avid drug user. I DO NOT smoke marijuanna, I drink occasionally, I do not do ANY other drugs.
1574	3	a	When first offered X, I refused it, naturally. I had no interest in taking it. At all. Recently a good friend of mine asked if I would 'roll' with him, in the saftey of his house. I agreed.
1575	3	a	I started with one pill, a blue 'double-stack' (supposedly twice the size of a normal pressed pill) with the impression of a dolphin. It took almost an hour to hit, which I have read is normal. As soon as I knew I had started to feel it, I had 'peaked'.....
1576	3	a	OH MY GOD. I have never felt so good in my entire life. I was relaxed. In a GREAT mood. Just the movement of my arms felt wonderful. The movement of my chest as I took in air felt wonderful. EVERYTHING was perfect.
1577	3	a	He suggested we put on some music (he was 'rolling' also). We are both huge trance fans, so we put on our favorite 3 hour trance mix. Music never sounded so good. I sat there with my head down, moving to the music. I felt like I was part of the song. Like the song was a soundtrack to how I was feeling at that exact moment. I could physically feel every beat. Every word being sung.
1578	3	a	A while later he brought out some glow-sticks he has attached to some shoe-strings. Being an experienced 'raver', he proceeded to perform a light show for me. The glow-sticks were no longer sticks attached to shoestrings. They became this pulsating, ever-changing, living body of light. Above, below, side-to-side, light. A moving stick of light became a long infinite swril of color. What I found even more thrilling was when I took over and moved the lights around for him. I could move the the music, listen, watch the lights, and do something that amazed him. I got great satisfaction knowing it was me who was 'tripping' him out.
1579	3	a	Like I said earlier, being an experienced X user, he knew all of the tricks and cool things to do on X. He told me to lay on the ground on my stomache, I did. He says 'Now, this isn't any gay shit, but I'm gonna give you a back rub, trust me, you'll love it'. So, in a non-gay (lol) way, he proceeded to rub my back, shoulders, and head. Leaving me in a state of relaxation I had never experienced before. It was weird. It made me SO relaxed, almost to the point to fall asleep, but I the experience kept me awake.
1580	3	a	Throughout the night, we did a bunch of other cool things, like a thing called a 'cloud nine' (with the help of his girlfriend), used Vicks inhalers, and used the lights more.
1581	3	a	Over the course of the night, we did a total of 3 1/2 pills each. With each new pill, throwing me into a deeper roll.
1582	3	a	The following day I did feel a little under the weather, but by the day after, I felt fine. 100%.
1583	3	a	It really was a great experience, that I will probably try again, but not any time soon. I'll wait at least a few months before trying it again.
1584	3	a	So, if you're looking for a conclusion to this long submission, here it is: Ecstacy really is a wonderful drug.
1585	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1586	3	a	MDMA (3) : Hangover / Days After (46), Music Discussion (22), Glowing Experiences (4), First Times (2), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1587	3	a	My first time to experience E was to see two girls each on half a pill. One was puking in the toilet and the other was bouncing around like she was possessed. My friend says 'weve got to try it!' No thanks, was my reply. Several months later, while in the navy, I went to a city in Connecticut to pick up my buddy who was transferring back to my site. He tells me he has a surprise for me. I was with V, two other guys I didnt know, two people who didnt roll and a girl, m. We each dropped a mitsubishi.
1588	3	a	While we were standing in line at the club, it was chilly out, so I began to bounce around a little bit. All the guys were asking me, 'do you feel it?' Feel what I thought to myself. I felt a tingle staart in my toes and go to my hair on my head. The one street light became extremely bright, and a simple rub on the shoulder felt amazing. The stranger in front of me turns and smiles. I felt like I knew him forever. I am normally a shy person, but when I stepped in the club, after trying to converse with the bouncer, I was a free soul. M grabbed me and gave me a blowpop. It was too sweet to keep in my mouth. The music pulsed through me and the hugs were wonderful. Girls I didnt know commented on how friendly I was. M made me promise that I would only roll with her. At the time, I didnt know why. Later, when she went to the washroom, I knew why. I found myself talking to girls that I wouldnt even think of normally. I took another pill when my peak started to die off, it was still early, and I didnt want this night to end. V pulled me to sit on a speaker, and gave me water and red bull. When the second pill hit, I began to see the visual effects. People wrote on me with highlighters and sprayed neon green in my hair. Vicks was introduced to me, which I hated when I was a kid. Glowsticks and lights became like lights from heaven. After my third pill hit, I didnt want to move. Seven of us sat on the floor and massaged each other. It was amazing.
1589	3	a	I have rolled many times since. It has made me a more open and happy person. I have forged relationships that are life long. Without trying E, I was headed on a downward spiral. I was full of anger and issues from my childhood. E has allowed me to talk about it and find love from people outside my family. I wouldnt trade my experiences for the world. I was full of anger and issues from my childhood. E has allowed me to talk about it and find love from people outside my family. I wouldnt trade my experiences for the world.
1590	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1591	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Therapeutic Intent or Outcome (49), Club / Bar (25)
1592	3	a	My eightenth birthday. This was going to be good, I had to feel good for my birthday. I've taken beans before, but I've never taken two before. Let alone double stacks. But, I had to do this one big.
1593	3	a	Right before we entered the club, I took my first pill. After about an hour, I was dissapointed. I felt nothing. I ran outside to my car and downed the second pill. As soon as I finished swallowing the second pill, the first pill over took me like a huge wave. The street lights were enormous with huge rainbow halos surrounding them. I started laughing. I went back inside and my friends looked frightened by my appearance. They kept asking me if I was okay. I just laughed and laughed. The warmth was surging through my body, I had to dance.
1594	3	a	I grab a random guy that appeared to be rolling to dance with me. All of a sudden, my legs turned to jello. My body melted into the air. The strobes started going off. My eyes jigged back and forth furiously. I had to sit down. With each step I took my legs sunk deep into the ground. I could not look straight. My eyes were deep in the back of my skull. I tried to close my eyes. Bright swirls of rainbows danced before me. I couldn't breathe. I tried to look around me, and people were staring at me. I felt that they were plotting against me. They did this to me, I thought to myself. I started swinging my arms and yelling at people. A girl came up to me to give me a hug. I couldn't stop crying. She told me that I had to follow her to the bathroom. I clung to her, it felt that I had no legs, they had melted off. I tried to pee, but no luck. This only made me cry more. The lights in the bathroom burned my eyes. It felt like needles. My body started shaking. I sat on the floor.
1595	3	a	One of my friends pulled me out of the bathroom. The bartender through bottles of water at my friends. The poured 3 bottles of water over my head. The coldness snapped me back to reality. My body temperature was so incredible high, my skin was bright red.
1596	3	a	It was the scariest experience I've ever had. The next day, I couldn't leave my bed. I stayed up all night and the next day crying my eyes out. My stomach cramped up, and my head felt like it was in a vice. It was horrible.
1597	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1598	3	a	MDMA (3) : Club / Bar (25), Difficult Experiences (5), General (1)
1599	3	a	I was recently able to come upon some real MDMA in Tulsa, Oklahoma (a hard thing to find) after becoming interested due to various friends' accounts of its amazing properties, and several meth-bombs I had taken along the way in my search.
1600	3	a	The fake X only heightened the importance of my quest to find this drug. My girlfriend has used MDMA before and wanted me to experience it with her, so she jumped at the opportunity to buy (from a friend) what she had been told were some White Euros. They were 25$ each, but she didn't get them until a couple days later, when she realized that they were actually G-spots, with the lady on the back. We researched the roll, and only read good things about it. It was the first (and real) press of this kind, and it came all the way from Europe apparently.
1601	3	a	My girlfriend and I each had one roll, and we took pretty pictures of it on our tongues and such, until we crushed them on a glass table and wrapped them into parachutes (using toilet paper). I left a line of the crushed powder out so I would be able to take it intranasally later. My girlfriend decided to follow suit, and we took the parachutes.
1602	3	a	:15 We snorted our lines. Anticipation building.
1603	3	a	:25 - :30 First effects starting to be felt by both my girlfriend and I. Feeling slightly high.
1604	3	a	:45 - 1:00 The rolls start to kick in. It was nothing like I had ever felt before. It started to feel as if serotonin was filling, and flooding at the back of my head. The euphoria is becoming more intense, and my body tingles as I begin to touch things with my hands. Everything is amazing, and words can't describe what I am feeling.
1605	3	a	My history with drugs is slightly dense, and confuses me sometimes, but this is something I should talk about in relation to the effects of *real* MDMA. I started smoking pot and trying out pharmecutical stimulants before my first year of high school. I became interested in trying many new things, but never had the access to any of them. Eventually, throughout my high school career, I ended up trying speed, oxycodone and hydrocodone, methadone, salvia, DXM, Mushrooms, meperidine and hydromorphone, valium, morphine, cocaine, alprazolam, various muscle relaxants, peyote, and finally MDMA, almost in that order. My realest and truest experiences with psychoactives started once I ended high school, now able to control where I was and how much I wanted to do (aided by the money from my then-new job). Nothing rivals the feeling I got from real MDMA, and is something I can't even explain well to this day. The effects come up, and then they taper off, making one think that the drug's effects are done. Then they come right back up again, and this action is repeated several times, while the effects increase each time it comes up until I finally peak (which happens around 1 - 3 hours after taking it). This is what 'rolling' is. I had heard my friends talking about rolling, and the term meant nothing to me. It really is 'rolling' and I understand that now. 
1606	3	a	1:15-1:45 My girlfriend and I notice our dilated pupils. We are rolling very nicely, and are coming up on our peak. Colors are vibrant. The euphoria is still there, and the lights get turned off as we cover the apartment in glow paint. We stare at the universe in our apartment, as we ride the amazing effects of this drug.
1607	3	a	2:00 We peaked around now, and slight hallucinogenic changes are noted by both my girlfriend and I. I wanted to call my friends and tell them I was rolling, but somehow forgot.
1608	3	a	2:15-2:45 I am still euphoric, but I have gotten somewhat used to the noticable positive physical changes caused by the drug. The universe, or the glow paint, is starting to fade (as is our roll).
1609	3	a	3:00-4:00 The effects have tapered down significantly, but remain present for the entire time.
1610	3	a	4:00-4:45 The effects wear off even further, and I am beginning to wind down. MDMA is a stimulant, and I shouldn't forget that. I took this sometime around 7 or 8, and I am now slightly tired and so is my mind. 
1611	3	a	5:00-on The effects are still there for the rest of the night, in some small way. The rest of the nigh was spent trying to get some rest, as I had to wake up at 10 the next morning to go to work.
1612	3	a	MDMA is an amazing thing, and I hope I have it again sometime. I am now considering (given my very positive experience) getting a tattoo of the .G on one side of my body, and the lady on the other (that is what the roll looks like). It is of the opinion of both my girlfriend and I that the best rolls to look for have in-presses, are not bright or obnoxiously colored, and are crumbly or easily breakable. 
1613	3	a	Empathy is a big part of the feeling I get from MDMA. My relationship with my girlfriend post-roll is a little different now. Rolling with her was an amazing thing, and I have a whole new insight into the kind of person she is. I have realized how people need to be treated with kindness and above all, understanding, if there is to be harmony.  
1614	3	a	The world has changed Ecstasy so much, but now it is time for Ecstasy to change the world.
1615	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1616	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Relationships (44), General (1)
1617	3	a	A little about my drug history at the time of this experience:  I‘d taken ecstasy about 6 or 7 times over the course of a few years, with experiences usually separated by at least a couple months.  I’d taken LSD and mushrooms probably around 10 or 15 times, but hadn’t tripped for about 7 or 8 years.  I’d done a bit of cocaine, casually (if it was around), but never really sought it out and didn’t do it that much.  Cocaine and alcohol were the only drugs I’d used fairly recently (I didn’t smoke pot).  I hadn’t taken ecstasy in probably a year or so.
1618	3	a	My general life situation at the time:  I was in my late 20's, working as a test prep teacher and as an office temp.  My job, apartment, and girlfriend situations were all kind of unstable and less than happy.
1619	3	a	So here’s what the experience was:  I was in another country for a family celebration, and at the celebration, a friend of a relative offered me an E.  I took it and when it came on it felt pretty good, though it was a bit strange for me to be in a situation where I was high, and had to sort of hide it (or at least not act freely in a “high” way).  That probably affected the intensity of my experience a little, and it wasn’t a particularly memorable one.  I felt good, and I felt the rolling feeling of E, but it wasn’t all-encompassing or blissed out.  Definitely not comparable to a few experiences I’d had before.  It just kind of made the night more interesting.  It just kind of made the night more interesting.  We were at the party for a while, then another friend of his took us to a café and someone else’s house.  Again, I felt good the whole time, but it wasn’t too memorable.  Actually, I kind of remember regretting that I wasn’t rolling with people I knew better in a more familiar and relaxed setting.  But it wasn’t uncomfortable.
1620	3	a	The next day (or maybe it was two days later), everyone flew home.  I don’t remember feeling unusually down or depressed, or anything out of the ordinary until that night.  
1621	3	a	A good friend of mine, who I don’t get to see very often, was visiting the city I live in, and flying out the next morning.  We made plans for me to call him after getting back from the airport (which was around 10pm), and I did.  I had to work the next day (the temp office job during the day, then teach for a couple hours in the evening), and probably considered not drinking very much and getting home relatively early, but I didn’t give it too much thought.  
1622	3	a	I met my friend, and we had a great time.  We used to really enjoy drinking together, so that’s what we did.  We got fairly drunk, then somewhere around 2 or 3, we went back to my place and drank the few beers I had around.  As it got later, the idea of waking up to go to this shitty temp office job was starting to haunt me.  I remember specifically feeling really bitter about the idea of having to cut our hang short just so I could go to bed and make it in to work.  Then, I remember kind of making a decision that there was no way in hell I was going to let something I didn’t give a shit about take precedence over spending time with my friend.  I went and got more beer, and we drank until about 4 or 5, then he took off, back to where he was staying.  I was starting, in the background, to feel really wound up with a lot of unhappiness and dread about the next day – not necessarily just about going to work, but about being back in my life, which at the time seemed complicated and not too enjoyable. 
1623	3	a	Anyway, I basically stayed up for another hour or so drinking, then crashed around six and just didn’t show for my job the next day.  I’ve never done that before (though I’ve quit my fair share of meaningless jobs).  I woke up in time to go in late, but I felt so upset and depressed about it that I felt I physically couldn’t go.  It was all I could do to make it to my teaching job later that day.  There’s no way to really describe how I felt for the next few days (possibly up to a week, I don’t remember exactly) besides saying that I was more depressed than I’ve ever been in my life.  I’d already been kind of depressed about my life situation at that time – about finding out that I was going to have to move apartments, having broken up with my girlfriend a few months before, not liking my job and not knowing what else to do for work, feeling directionless and worried about money in general – but this went beyond what I’d felt about all of that before.  It was almost like there was a physical component to this sense of depression and despair, it was really terrible, I really felt like, “OK, I don’t know what the fuck I’m going to do for the rest of the day, let alone the rest of my life.”  
1624	3	a	Eventually, probably no more than a week later, the depression lifted.  I dealt with finding a place to live, but I never went back to that office job and burned a bridge with a temp agency that had been really good to me.
1625	3	a	About what I think caused the experience:  I don’t think this experience was completely caused by ecstasy – but I came to think that it was caused by my having taken ecstasy at a time in my life when I felt particularly unsettled, and in circumstances that did not allow for any potential healing I don’t think this experience was completely caused by ecstasy – but I came to think that it was caused by my having taken ecstasy at a time in my life when I felt particularly unsettled, and in circumstances that did not allow for any potential healing of or dealing with these underlying feelings of unhappiness about my current life situation.  I’ve heard what people say about ecstasy possibly messing with your serotonin levels, and affecting your brain chemistry in a way that could make it chemically more difficult for you to feel happy.  As far as I know, this is still controversial, so I don’t believe it or not believe it.  I do know that I’d taken ecstasy several times in years past and had never experienced any kind of severe depression afterwards.  But if I had to describe the way I felt in the days I’ve just talked about, it would be just that:  that it felt like my brain was chemically unable to feel happy.
1626	3	a	So, I guess my experience is that set and setting matter, even with E.  And that it seems possible that ecstasy could’ve affected my brain in a way that made me more susceptible to depression afterwards, at least when I was already leaning towards it.  It also seems possible that ecstasy just has the potential to bring up unconscious material that isn’t always pleasant, in the days following the high – my unhappiness was definitely there long before this particular roll, it was just sort of buried.  I’ve found a lot of stuff online about depression following ecstasy use (independent of set or setting), and the whole “losing the magic” phenomenon, and my experience might be an instance of one or both of those.  In any case, I think it’s valuable for anyone taking ecstasy (at least if you’re relatively new to it), to know that people can get depressed afterwards.  But we don’t necessarily, so the point of knowing isn’t to worry about it.  It’s just to know that if it happens to you, you’re not the only one, and for many people it doesn’t last that long.  I wish I had known that in the days following my roll, it might have made dealing with it a lot easier.
1627	3	a	Incidentally, in the end, quitting that office job was a good thing.  It was utterly meaningless to me and a waste of time.  I regret that I did it in such a way that left the temp agency in a bad position, but burning that bridge was a kind of final moving-on thing for me.  Since then, I haven’t taken a single crappy job just because it’s easier than figuring out what it is I actually want to do.
1628	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1629	3	a	MDMA (3) : Depression (15), Hangover / Days After (46), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1630	3	a	The pill was a mottled blue thing with a break-line down the middle, sourced from a trusted friend, and previously tried at much lower doses with mildly pleasant effects. A general feeling of wellbeing, sociability, and comfort. What follows is an experience born from sheer boredom, with the aim of passing a few hours.
1631	3	a	Setting: home alone, but trusted people within easy contact (I know this doesn't sound good, but being home by myself is pretty much my safe place) high doses of vitamins E and C taken before.
1632	3	a	I didn't pay much attention to what time it was when I dosed, but the first effects came along after about 20-30 mins in the form of a desperate need to poop. It was only when I turned the bathroom light on that it really hit me. And BOY did it hit me! The room was covered in an orange glow (It's normally a clean off-white). My body and mind were in absolute chaos. I was warm in every sense of the word, except for my fingers, which were cold. I managed to grab a quick look at my pupils in the mirror (yep, massive) before collapsing onto the toilet.
1633	3	a	Fast forward, after about 20 minutes sitting on the toilet thinking I was going to die, things started to settle down. The walls were shifting slightly, and the sensation of hot water as I washed my hands was exquisite. I decided to listen to some music. Santana - Black Magic Woman, a fantastic piece sober, filled me. I HAD to dance. A playlist appeared on YouTube, a mix of psychedelic rock and good old rock and roll. I knew I was in for a good time from here onwards. Dancing, immersed in the music. Running my hands through my hair felt good!
1634	3	a	A few songs in, my lack of physical health caught up with me. I was exhausted, overheating, but I just had to talk. By this point, visuals had gone, and I was much more in control. I messaged my friend (the one who supplied me), who not only provided great conversation but also convinced me to remove some clothes and have a drink. A great idea. The rest of the day was spent chatting and listening to music and generally feeling really good, but my body temperature kept fluctuating.
1635	3	a	About 4 or 5 hours in the come down was awkward, and almost as fast as the come up. I felt weird. Stretched, empty, almost depressed. This didn't last long though. Some more water and a nice strong cheese (high in salt and tryptophan you see, salted nuts would be a good alternative if you don't eat cheese) brought me level again, to enjoy residual good feelings.
1636	3	a	Had trouble sleeping that night, but no ill effects the next day.
1637	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1638	3	a	"For those who don't know what vaginismus is: ""a condition that affects a woman's ability to engage in any form of vaginal penetration, [...] the result of a reflex of the pubococcygeus muscle, which is sometimes referred to as the 'PC muscle'. The reflex causes the muscles in the vagina to tense suddenly, which makes any kind of vaginal penetration—including sexual intercourse—painful or impossible."" Source: wikipedia"
1639	3	a	I have always suffered from this condition. Sex was always painful in the beginning and the area would become swollen and extremely painful after a few minutes. I used to blame it on my former and current partners' penis size, but that really has nothing to do with it. I have not had any trauma, I am open about sex, I have a very loving partner with whom I have had great experiences, so it made no sense to me.
1640	3	a	I only take birth control pills, and ibuprofen whenever I have migraines, which does happen quite often. They are the ones called 'aura migraines', I get some visual disturbances sometimes before the attack, I feel nauseous and have problems speaking, and I sometimes even vomit because of the pain. I haven't found a way to remedy that yet. However, I did manage to fix another health issue I have and I never thought I could do that, so I am optimistic about it. :)
1641	3	a	I am not *recommending* to anyone to take any drug. However, this is my experience with MDMA.
1642	3	a	I took half of a dose of MDMA with some close friends - it was a very pleasant and loving experience. We all hugged and kissed and had a great time together. In the beginning it felt very strange, I was very dizzy and extremely sensitive to loud sounds and lights - I was afraid to have a seizure considering my migraines, but after only a couple of minutes I felt great and peaceful. When I got home with my partner, we tried having sex and I was amazed by the fact that it didn't hurt at all. I did feel some slight discomfort at the beginning but that is all.
1643	3	a	I am writing this 2 months later and things have changed only in better. Even though I still feel some discomfort at the initial penetration, after a couple of minutes things are just perfect. I never expected this to happen and I cannot express how good it is to finally have great sex sessions without any worries.
1644	3	a	There is so much more to this drug than we know. I wish they would make some more tests about it, it could probably help a lot of people.
1645	3	a	Thank you for taking the time to read my experience.
1646	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1647	3	a	MDMA (3) : Sex Discussion (14), Therapeutic Intent or Outcome (49), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1648	3	a	I have used ecstasy many times in the past eighteen months, each time is different, absorbing, and magical. This particular night found me and my two best friends (T & C) alone together in our town, ready for anything. I remained sober for the beginning of our night while the other two drank quite a bit of alcohol. To this day I believe alcohol diminishes the effects of E, and wouldn’t recommend it at all. At 12.30am we all dropped together. The usual chemical taste settled on my tongue as I quickly downed a glass of water. We three girls always drop together in the same way ('one, two, three swallow') then we wait to come on.
1649	3	a	I have a theory about coming on, the way I come on is the way I will stay, that is to say if I'm on the dance floor enjoying the moment I will stay there all night, if I'm sitting in conversation, then that too is where I will find myself at the end of the night. Both ways have there upsides, however when I’m out with these girls it is the dance floor where I want to be. 
1650	3	a	The first feeling I get is a kind of jittery, unemotional soulful beat that pounds from the tips of my toes to the top of my head. I generally can be caught staring upward to the strobe light. My friend C equates coming on with a skinniness in her hands especially, “skinny fingers” is a fair sign that we’re in for a good roll. This night it took about 40 minutes to come on, and it came on strong. First thing I needed to do was move, and keep moving. Left, right, jump up, crouch down, two step, one step, pause, begin again. Its rhythmic, the essence of the music rolls over me, through my heart which beats in time, and to put it crassly I feel beautiful. More beautiful then I could ever normally feel. Like everything about me is perfect. My mouth is dry but I still talk about how good I feel. About how good the lighting is. I close my eyes, and my other senses take over. The way my shirt feels on my skin soft and flowing. The way the sweat and smoke and people smell sweet and damp, the way the chewy in my mouth is cold. Dance. Dance with strangers, dance with friends. Stand alone in the middle of the dance floor, completely still and marvel in the beauty, in the very creation of the people there. 
1651	3	a	These pills gave an amazing 5-6 hour roll. The whole time I'm loved up. This is not to be mistaken with feeling horny, it’s totally different. Just touching someone makes me feel so so connected to them. Kissing my friends is natural, it’s basic and primal. Hugging and tickling and holding hands. It all comes easily. Strangers become friends. And when at 5am the club closed we had a group of people coming home with us. As the sun cracked the darkened sky we sat up talking deeply about life. It all seems simple, all my problems could be fixed so easily, it was clear. 
1652	3	a	Me and C have been friends for a long time, and in the last 3 years we have both become equally as close to T, the three of us fit together. And when we are all rolling on E is when we are most free to express how we feel about each other. We tell each other we love each other. And more than anything we mean it. Its an event where I cant imagine life without them. And I know within myself I would do anything to keep them safe. 
1653	3	a	As for coming down the next day is a nothing day for me, not hungry, not sleepy, but my brain is in too much of a recovery mode for anything too strenuous. We generally spend the day together reliving the ride. Enjoying each other. The day after is usually a day that requires more strength to function, I fall deeply into a state of sadness. Tears flow because of stupid things. It is as if all the flaws that were gone whilst I was rolling become magnified by a hundred. But I wouldn’t trade this sadness for a night pinging of my guts, ever.
1654	3	a	Enjoy the ride. Love your friends. Love strangers. But take care of yourselves, if things are looking bad for a friend get them medical attention. God bless.
1655	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1656	3	a	MDMA (3) : Retrospective / Summary (11), Hangover / Days After (46), General (1), Rave / Dance Event (18)
1657	3	a	This is an account of my first experience with ecstasy.  The pill was known as a pink diamond, as I held it in its cellophane wrapper I could not contain myself.  I wanted to take it so badly, but I had to wait; I am a strong believer in not driving while under the influence of anything.
1658	3	a	Around 11:30 pm I injested the tablet at what is called a 'roll' party, where everyone present is under the influence of MDMA.  Twenty minutes later I felt it starting.  At first it was a gentle numbness in my legs and it slowly crept up my body.
1659	3	a	At 12:15 am I was at my peak, where I stayed for almost four hours.  It was so wonderful, I had not expected it to be that great.  Everyone I had ever spoken to on the topic said that it was the greatest thing, but I had no idea it would be that good. Everyone I had ever spoken to on the topic said that it was the greatest thing, but I had no idea it would be that good.  I was so aware of everything that was going on.  The techno music sent me into a frenzy, everything was perfect.  I feel lucky that the first time I used ecstasy was with others that were on the drug, it was like everyone was contributing to the good of the group. We were doing things like blowing each other up, giving roller coaster rides (my favorite) and passing each other out after a huge shotgun from the Vick's inhaler. Being touched sent waves of pleasure through my body. I was so in tune with my surroundings and everyone else there.  I did not have a bad thought the entire night.
1660	3	a	The next day at approximately 1:00 pm when I awoke, I could still somewhat feel it in my arms and legs.  I was in such a terrific mood for the next three or four days.  The entire experience has turned me on to the the drug and off from many others.  It provided the feeling that I wanted; something that the other drugs I have tried paled in comparison to.  The prescription drug, Celexa, apparently has no ill effects on the drug, which I am on for depression.
1661	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1662	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Hangover / Days After (46), Large Party (54)
1663	3	a	This is my trip disaster that I feel I need to share because I know the interest in ecstasy is high among a lot of people, but this is my warning: use caution. The trip is about SET AND SETTING, as I have been told many times in the past. It can always go wrong, from my limited experience with MDMA.
1664	3	a	The dosage was very low and this was my second time doing pure MDMA (my first time I took 150 mg in a gel cap, and it was fantastic). The pills were not bunk or bad or anything; my best friend had tested them a month earlier and found them to be just fine (and had a fantastic trip). 
1665	3	a	My story begins at 3:00 pm, when I speak to my friend and ask him if he has any E. He says yes, he has 75 mg pills and 150 mg caps. I said I would take 1.5 of the blue 75 mg pills, thinking 'this dosage is not that big, I can handle myself.' I tell my boyfriend, who gets in an argument with me because he does not support drug usage, and tells me that I should wait to use this drug. “Today is not your day,” he tells me, but he comes to pick me up anyways. We catch the bus and end up at my friend's house by 4:15. 
1666	3	a	The day was wrong. Something was wrong. I was anxious, I had been drunk and high on weed all week, and I was a general nervous wreck. It was raining, something that dampens my spirits heavily. However, I had 8 hours to be out versus having to be home in 5, so I decided 'okay, I will do it today.' It felt forced to me. I live at home with my parents and they do not know I use any drugs. Pupil size was a concern for me, and I figured that since I had a very strict curfew and had to be home by 11 pm that day (longer than my usual curfew at that time in my life), I had more time and less chance of getting caught with massive pupils.
1667	3	a	I take the pills at 4:20 pm in my buddy’s bedroom, which is always a positive place for me since my last memory of it is Halloween night, the night we first did MDMA, and just as I swallow them, I realize: 'I DON'T HAVE ANY GUM.' My boyfriend and friend look at me and decide we will walk through the park to go to the corner store to go buy a pack of gum. The tension in my body is rising as we walk through the dark, dimly lit bushes and I can feel the effects of the initial tension/anxiety I get before I come up. Not a big deal, I think to myself as I hold onto my boyfriend. We buy the gum and head back to his house.
1668	3	a	As we are walking back, my body is tensing and I am getting the onset slowly. My pupils are getting bigger, I notice as I step into his bathroom. Now my troubles begin. At 5:15, I am coming up and it is overwhelming as I was prepared for. Again, I calm myself down and say it will get better. My boyfriend and I are sitting on my friend's bed, and I get very cold. My friend closes the windows, turns the techno up and we listen to music in the dark room. He turns off a lamp and I freak. 'No, don't turn that off. Keep it on. I'm scared.' So he turns it back on. MDMA typically makes me very anxious, which is bizarre for a drug that is intended to induce happiness. Usually, I like to get settled in and experience the drug in one position. I cannot stand things moving or the setting changing. It disturbs me greatly.
1669	3	a	I'm expecting this anxiety naturally, so I just hold onto my boyfriend and feel my body spin with general confusion and disarray. My boyfriend asks my friend for food. They must go upstairs to the kitchen but I am not allowed to come because my friend's little brother who is about 14 is up there and if he notices I'm talking a lot and my pupils are insane, he will tell his parents. They leave me in the dark bedroom, music still turned up. I'm just thinking, relaxing, listening.
1670	3	a	Then -- 'MY PUPILS ARE BIG' is the thought that shoots into my head. 'They are big and I am going home in 8 hours and my parents will find out. They will find out. What do I do?' I am thinking myself into a loop, anxiety is spiralling through the roof. I'm sitting in his bedroom with a shirt, sweater and leather jacket on. 'Where the hell are they?' It feels like hours. The time is now 6:05. It was only about ten minutes but I felt like it had been at least half an hour. 'My pupils are big. They're so big. My parents will know. I'm dead. What do I do?' it keeps running through my head. The music starts scaring me. The drug was taking effect heavily. I did feel happy, but mostly all I felt was happiness mixed with tension. The tension was mental and physical. MDMA makes me spiral into thought-loops. I did feel happy, but mostly all I felt was happiness mixed with tension. The tension was mental and physical. MDMA makes me spiral into thought-loops. 
1671	3	a	I run upstairs and avoid looking the brother in the eyes. 'What's taking so long?' They're making noodles. They head downstairs into the bedroom again with me and we sit. I'm sweating but I'm cold. Things settle; I talk the idea that my parents are going to find out through with them. They tell me I'm absurd, just to go home later and go to bed. I calm down, we listen to chill music, and I peak. The peak is like orgasm; all the stress fades away. I'm stroking my boyfriend's hair, kissing him, joking, talking, and being honest and open. It's great.
1672	3	a	Then -- 'My pupils are big,' I say and they tell me to relax. It's 7:30 by now. Boyfriend and I get dressed and head to his house. On the way, I'm panicking, talking in circles, worrying, not being able to relax. The tension is growing. We reach his house some twenty minutes later and lay in his bedroom. I've calmed down enough by now. 
1673	3	a	And of course, another disaster hits me. My best friend texts me and argues with me over some trivial matter. She is very, very upset with me. I start to panic again. To calm down, I tell my boyfriend I want to have sex. I consented to this prior to dosing and he agrees. We have sex and I can't come but it's nice anyways. It probably lasted a few minutes but it felt like hours, years...
1674	3	a	Then it all goes downhill again, and I start to panic. We're lying on his bed now, and the only thought that comes through my head is that I want to kill myself. It's clear as day. I'm anxious and a wreck. I'm looking at things on the floor and they're moving, warping, giving off general feelings of upset and confusion. I usually do not hallucinate until the MDMA wears off and becomes MDA, but my eyes were playing tricks on me.
1675	3	a	He takes me home at 11, and my pupils have somewhat normalized. I sit in my dark bedroom and hope my parents don't notice the size of them. At midnight, I am exhausted and try to sleep. I hallucinate angry men, bugs on my bed, but they are weak hallucinations. I pass out at 1 am, wake up at 3:45 am (at least I think, I may have dreamt this) and wake up at 5:08 am exactly with crippling hunger. I eat something small, go back to bed, get out of bed at 11 am feeling like I stepped out of someone else's bed, not my own. I feel uneasy, sick, unhappy, and miserable. The hangover is brutal, made even more worse because the day was Sunday and the following day I had school and a massive project I had not yet started on due.
1676	3	a	I have learned a lot from MDMA, but mostly a sense of respect. I now know that even though I did not expect to have a horrible roll filled with fear and anxiety, it is very possible. I hope my story helps a few people realize that substances must be respected to be enjoyed.
1677	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1678	3	a	MDMA (3) : Difficult Experiences (5), Hangover / Days After (46), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1679	3	a	I would just like to comment about one experience I had while on ecstasy. I'm a pretty experienced user of this drug and have been using for about a year up until recently...
1680	3	a	My friend had just moved into his new apartment, and we figured that we'd do a few hits of e to celebrate with some other friends of ours. Everything was going pretty well, we took our pills at around the same time and talked as we waited for the drugs to start taking effect. Around 30 minutes after everyone had swallowed their pills we started to feel those shivers and other body sensations, very common as you start to feel the drug. Soon after everyone had neared their peak, and were talking and hugging each other. All except me.
1681	3	a	I was trying to involve myself in their conversation, but I had a really hard time following along. Their sentences didn't seem to make sense, I was deeply confused and nervous. My vision was erratic and kept shaking violently from side to side. I had pronounced visual tracers as well. This made me anxious, as I had never experienced such intense visuals while on e. No one else seemed to be having this reaction except me. As the trip went on these unexpected effects gradually wore off and I was able to understand what others were saying and doing. I was disappointing that I hadn't experienced any of the euphoric and pleasant feelings I was used to getting on e, but relieved that the night was over. 
1682	3	a	The next morning we smoked 2 bowls of pot together before we left. I then walked home. As the day began my mood was relatively normal, but as noon approached it had changed dramatically. I sank into a severe depression. I cried all day not knowing exactly why I was crying. I was overwhelmed with sadness for no apparent reason, and spent the day moping around the house in a horrible mood. Everything upset me, small things such as chores became huge tasks. I felt hopeless and just emotionally wrecked. This depression lasted 2 days. Yep. Two days of awfulness. 
1683	3	a	I was in a shitty mood for the rest of the week, irritable and cranky. I'm not sure what exactly caused this to happen, considering my friends had taken the same kind of pill I had in pretty equal doses and didn't experience severe after-effects as I did.
1684	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1685	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Difficult Experiences (5), Depression (15), Hangover / Days After (46), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1686	3	a	Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. Don't do it!] 
1687	3	a	I had been wanting to try ecstasy for many months, so when I heard one of my good friends was picking up some molly, I was ready to roll. However, I have always had a stronger desire to do LSD, but after my e trip, I no longer have the desire. I  have pretty bad depression and anxiety. I am a habitual marijuana user, I occasionally drink and smoke salvia. I do Vicodin, oxycotin, percocit, and codeine when I can get them. Out of all the drugs I have tried, ecstasy was by far the best.
1688	3	a	I'm big into techno, dubstep, and electronic music, so me and my boyfriend, B, and friend, P, woke up on Saturday morning ready to dose at an electronic music festival. It was all of our first times doing ecstasy. when we arrived, my nerves kicked in. I was so small, what if it was too much for me to handle? B's heart has been kinda messed up for a while, what if something happened to him? What if this stuff was cut with meth? I tried to push the thoughts out of my head. I had done my research about the drug, I thought I knew what to expect. Besides, I was with the two people I trust the most. They said it was straight, that they would take care of me. I trusted them with my life. 
1689	3	a	It was hot out, so we came prepared. Three water bottles for each of us, loose and cool clothes, and money for more water. Around 6:30 pm, we bought hot dogs and lemonades. Potentially eating something a bit healthier is wise, but keep it light. E can be difficult on the stomach at first, however, I did not experience any problem with this.
1690	3	a	At 7, we met up with our dealer, and secured 4 pills of Molly for $60. They were small, white, and somewhat glittery.  P swallowed his on the spot, but B and I hesitated. Should we try to take half? Should we really do this? There was no denying the timing was perfect, my parents were out of town until Monday night, we could chill and crash at my house after the concert. We observed P  as he began to bob his head to the music, 'feelin' pretty good', he said. Now or never.
1691	3	a	B and I took our first hit of E at 7:30 pm. About 5 minutes later, walking towards a patch of grass to sit down, I blurted out that I felt 'smooth'. B smiled and said, 'I'm feelin' groovy'. Techno was blaring and at this point all I could really think about was sitting down in the quiet. 
1692	3	a	Coming up was boring. This 'smooth' feeling, like I was moving weightlessly underwater, lasted for another half an hour. We only sat for 5 minutes, and I wish we had for longer. As we walked, I began to get a slight pain in my chest, but I put all thoughts aside and focused on coming up in peace. We walked into a trailer where kids were playing video games. P began to play one, and as B and I stared in to the LCD screen, everything seemed to go crystal  clear in an overwhelming suddenness. Colors popped out, bright and  intense. My sight was crisp, my senses alert. I grabbed B's hand, the warmth of it tingling all the way up my arm. 
1693	3	a	At 8:10 pm, we headed over to a tent ripping some pretty nice dub. I could hear every single sound, every beat hit with intensifying force. The music was so strong, it moved me, moved through me, it filled the entire tent. Everything was moving to the beat, the music was the master and we were its followers. I began to move a little more, feel a little more.
1694	3	a	At 8:20, we left the tent. P took his second hit. I waited impatiently for more to happen, to be overwhelmed and out of control. The come up was slow. At this point, B was cruising, saying he was 'feeling pretty  darn good'.  Frustrated, I considered taking another hit. I dismissed the thought quickly. 
1695	3	a	I began to dance at 8:30 when we arrived at another tent. There were more people here, the music was much better. I felt completely at peace, and although I still felt somewhat tired, I surrendered to the itch to move with the crowd, to be one with the music. After a few minutes, I felt totally and utterly satisfied, as if nothing had ever been so real, so perfect. I was in a different universe, a place where bad things did not happen, a place where every single person was to be loved and cherish regardless of the circumstances. I had the urge to touch and be touched, the urge to talk, to hear my voice, to ride along on other peoples thoughts and movements. I wanted to run my hands through the neon lights, thinking it would feel silky smooth.
1696	3	a	At 8:45, we used the bathroom for the first time out of many. P exclaimed that he was feeling amazing, and that he was rolling out of his mind. We were excited to be alive, excited to be together. We got a bottle of water and shared a couple of sips before returning to the dance floor. 
1697	3	a	We rolled hard for a while after, dancing like freaks. I had so much energy I could hardly stand it! I was flying! On top of the world! I was never going to come down, I was never more content with myself and my life. Eagerly, I kissed b, expressing that I had never been so in love. In love with him, myself, the world! The whole world was filled with groovy beats and the most intense colors I have ever seen. And me! I was in the middle of it all, I was the most beautiful of all! Laughing felt like the most amazing thing. 
1698	3	a	By 9:30, we pee'd again, and checked out another tent. We saw a girl who was having a seizure right next to us, her eyes rolled to the back of her head as her soaking body jerked and twitched. I looked away, and grabbed P's hand, frightened. I was diggin' the vibe here anyways, the music wasn't as good. We decided to polish off the water and got a new one. After returning to our favorite tent, I peaked. 
1699	3	a	It was about 9:45pm, and I was rolling so hard it was impossible. I wouldn't have been able to stop if the world ended. This is where I believe I was at my highest point, nothing could get in my way. The music completely consumed me, running through my body, pulsing in my veins. Sweat dripped from every inch of me but I didn't care. The sun dress I wore swished around my thighs, it was so sensual, the fabric seemed to be unreal. It was too good to be true, everything was just so wonderfully complete.  
1700	3	a	By 10:20, we decided to go fill up the water bottle again. P and B  both exclaimed that I was super warm and sweaty. I needed water. In line, I felt myself coming down, very slowly but distinctly. I grew very antsy and disappointed that my trip was slowing down. Annoyed, we left the line and headed to fill it up at a place with a shorter line. Then we made a stop at a cement wall. We ran our hands slowly down the wall, laughing, almost crying, at how weird it felt, how amazing it felt. We surely looked like druggies, but we couldn't have cared less what anyone else thought. We then decided to hold on to each others arms in a circle, amazed at the connection and surge we felt go through us. We were bonded, for life. This connection is something I believe I will never feel again, ecstasy or not. It was so powerful. 
1701	3	a	At 10:30, I got a call that my friend was in the hospital, something very bad had happened. I will not be going in to details, but I was devastated. B practically dragged me to the car, I was unable to really comprehend what was happening, time was so slow and I was still so fast, why couldn't everything slow down? I needed a minute to catch up. P followed close behind. 
1702	3	a	I was crashing, so hard. Falling through space and time, numb but yet drowning in emotion. Safely inside the van at 10:30, I felt completely sober. Sitting in the backseat, I began to sob and cry uncontrollably. This only lasted for a few minutes. Then my body grew extremely cold, goosebumps invaded my flesh. P threw me a hoodie, and I instantly felt better, the fabric sending chills down my spine as it brushed my skin. Maybe I was still a little high. The rest of the night basically flew by, and I continued peeing and finishing a bottle of water every hour until about 1:30 am, when B and I fell asleep in my bed. 
1703	3	a	Waking up the next morning, I felt EXTREMELY depressed and irritable. I couldn't stand to be sober, but I refused B's efforts to get me to smoke. All I wanted to do was roll again. Let's go back to the festival and roll. 
1704	3	a	That night, B and I got 4 hits of Molly, P got 2, and P's friend A got wasted. B and I started off with one at the festival around 10:30 pm. I got the pain in my chest again, and was VERY disappointed because for the first two hours, the effects were very minimal. However, at about 11:15 pm, B grabbed my hand, exclaiming we had to go, he didn't feel good. Panicking, I dragged him to a quiet bench and forced him to drink a few big gulps of water. He was worried about his heart. He said he was freaking out, he was going to pass out. OH MY GOD, what do I do! 'Do you want me to go get someone?' I asked, my hands sweating and trembling very badly. He paused, his face white. P approached, and watched us as he tapped his foot to the beat. 
1705	3	a	After 10 minutes B told us he was alright but he had to leave, he had to leave now, he needed it to be quiet. I was still very freaked out, and we rushed to the van. He drank another bottle of water, and within minutes of sitting in the van, he asked for the techno to be blasted cus he was 'feelin' a whole lot better'. I was relieved, but upset that I wasn't high. 
1706	3	a	Back in town, we picked up my car. B was beggin to drive, so I let him through the neighborhood but quickly took over. He was rollin' harder than ever, he must have had a big dose. I felt alright, my senses were getting pretty clear. 
1707	3	a	B and I rolled through the McDonald's drive thru at about 1:00 am. The car in front of us had a pretty big order, cus we waited behind them for almost 15 minutes. I put the car in park, blared some Deadmau5, and peaked. I couldn't control my energy, my fist pumping or head bopping. I rolled my window down and stuck my entire body out of the car, screaming towards the sky as tears flew down my face. This is my life, I thought, and it is so worth living. We stopped at P's house, and the 4 of us ended up group hugging for almost ten minutes, admitting that we would be friends forever, and how much we loved each other. 
1708	3	a	Once back at my house, B and I dosed again. We attempted making out on my bed, but we did not have the attention span to really get in to it, although it felt amazing. We decided to meet P and A at their friend's house for a bonfire. He had a pool, and we thought it may be neat to swim. He lived kind of far, so B drove. We jammed to techno, and right before we got there, I started to freak out.
1709	3	a	I was disallusioned. Where were we? Who was I? What was going on? I was dizzy. I took a big gulp of water and leaned my head back. All I can remember thinking was that the music was too loud, I was too high. Instead of feeling buzzed, I felt drained, like I was slipping. I started to panic. I begged B to let us sit in the car in silence. We did for about 15 minutes. I leaned my head on B's shoulder, feeling my eyes close. My hands were dripping with sweat. B urged me to keep my eyes open and drink water. I did. I think I was scaring him. He put his arm around me, and slowly I came back to reality, the powerful overwhelming high surging through me. 
1710	3	a	At about 2:00 pm, I was flying. I have never and will never (soberly) feel so good again. I held P's hand in one hand and B's in the other, loving the way it felt to massage their palms. I drank water in moderation, and loved the way the fire's heat warmed my legs. It was chilly out, so I had on a big comfy sweater and shorts. I felt super comfy and great. I was rolling super hard and could not sit still in this quiet enviornment, it was too low key to roll at. P =gave me his head phones and had some techno playing. I chomped on my gum and rocked to the beat, smiling at everyone and still hearing their conversations, even with techno blasting straight into my brain. P set his bowl on the edge of my chair. He was about to start smoking, but B and I agreed to save smoking for another time. I didn't want anything getting in the way of my high.
1711	3	a	I started dancing again, and P's bowl shattered on the cement. I couldn't comprehend how it happened, even though it was so obviously my fault. I looked at him, his face looked totally dissapointed and bumned. I couldn't say I was sorry enough. I wanted to leave. 
1712	3	a	That night, I crashed pretty hard again, almost making B cry by yelling at him. We fell asleep at 4 am, and when we woke up at 11, we were still rolling. We messed around a little bit, feeling good. The effects lasted for about 3 days, only when I smoked. I would get really high, but instead of feeling baked, I felt the e. It was really awesome, and for a nice smooth come down, I recommend lots of weed, sleep, water, and food. You will need it. 
1713	3	a	I feel I would do e again, and honestly if I could hook it up right this second, I would. It seems to be kind of addicting and a tolerance is easily built.
1714	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1715	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Festival / Lg. Crowd (24)
1716	3	a	Ecstasy:  my drug of choice.   Does anyone forget their first glowing experience?   Does anyone ever stop desiring that elusive magic?   After a couple of mind-blowing, spirit-awakening X experiences, my wife and I became semi-regular users.    Never rolling more than twice a month, but also rarely going more than three months without a use.   Unfortunately, we both noticed the same phenomena:  within a year or two, each progressive use of the drug provided less of an emotionally positive push, but retained all the negative side-effects.
1717	3	a	I strongly disagree with those who say that this 'loss of magic' is just an acclimation to the experience.   Each time we'd roll, we'd try to choose a comfortable environment, excellent music, and a block of time sufficient to spend it uninterrupted in the 'love bubble' we've created for one another.   And each time, we'd noticed that the emotional push of the drug had waned a bit from the time before, until it almost disappeared completely (I would estimate this happening at around 12-20 uses a piece).   
1718	3	a	So we decided to try and bring back the magic.   We've found few suggestions on how to do so, however, beyond just 'wait it out'.    So that's what we did--we took 13 months off between doses.
1719	3	a	Our return to the drug came this past weekend, when we went to Las Vegas with friends for a birthday.   Some reliable X was available, so we decided this was the time to see if our serotonin  had re-loaded.
1720	3	a	Unfortunately, we did not 'set the scene' as well as we had in the past.   The night began with friends unsure of where to partake.   Some wanted clubs and dancing, others a pleasant suite at the hotel.   The party eventually split up, and my wife and I went with another couple to the Wynn hotel to explore their lounges.  We dropped at their 'Parasol' lounge, with a lovely view of the waterfall in back of the hotel.   I was feeling very positive, and although the setting wasn't perfect, there was plenty to see, most of it beautiful.
1721	3	a	Within fifteen minutes I was getting first alerts -- colors brightening, a general shift in perception.   My trip buddies reported nothing.   I made a visit to the bathroom (a good sign things were progressing) and on the walk back knew I was going to roll.   About ten minutes after joining the group, I was definitely feeling it--as was my wife--although we both reported the come-up to be more gradual than we had experienced before (perhaps because we took it in pill rather than our usual capsule form?).
1722	3	a	At this point we were very much hoping that the X would bring us the positive mental push and happy warm feelings we had known before.    And I'm pleased to report that some of the magic was back!   I was completely ready to tell my friends and my wife how great they were--to have easy conversation and enjoy the sights and sounds.   We spent a long time in the lounge, chatting and enjoying each other's company.   After a couple of hours, we re-upped, and the booster really jacked the roll up to positive land.   It wasn't quite the positive vibes and overwhelming euphoria I had in my earliest rolls, but then again the setting wasn't 100% comfortable...there were people around, a waitress to contend with, and one friend had some trouble with anxiety before the second dose.   Still, I felt really relaxed and positive, if not euphoric.   I would also report that I had fewer side effects (jaw-clenching and eye-twitters are usually big for me) until I took the second dose.
1723	3	a	I did notice that when I would have individual moments with my wife (hugs, kisses, looking into each other's eyes) I would feel the rush of positivity and euphoria just course through my veins and warm my face.   It was nice to have the magic back.   I think if it had been just the two of us in our apartment with some great music, it would have been near a peak experience.   My wife, who had lost more of the magic than I had, reported similar results.
1724	3	a	The remainder of the night was more of the same; we eventually joined the rest of the group at another casino that wasn't nearly as enjoyable.   There was a lot of anxiety and indecision within the rest of the group about where to go and what to do, but we were able to shake it off and enjoy ourselves.    I think this never would have happened before we took the time off.
1725	3	a	We're waiting a month to give it another go, and next time we'll make sure to have the setting just right (back to the love bubble).   I'm excited to see what will happen.   If things are positive, I'll report back.
1726	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1727	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Glowing Experiences (4), Loss of Magic (34), Various (28)
1728	3	a	The first time I experienced ecstasy was with some friends – not my very best friends - in a nightclub that was playing only deep/techno music. I was completely sober before taking it and didn’t mix it with alcohol or another drug during the effect. I took just one pill (full, not dividing by half), chewed and swallowed it.
1729	3	a	Maybe 20 minutes later, I was feeling something different, some energy and a willing to dance, and I wondered myself: “is it the effect that everybody says it is wonderful and magic?” It was good, but nothing like they said. 10 minutes later, the drug effect kicked in in fact and I realized that the previously was just placebo. This new effect is unmistakable, nothing in common life can be compared and, when my friends said it was going to be the best experience in my life, they were right. The key word for the ecstasy experience for me is “euphoria”, I felt an enormously joy, way bigger than ever felt before, it was overflowing, and I couldn’t stop smiling. The temperature of the body was a little bit higher but that made it very cozy. Then, the love declaration started, everyone started hugging and feeling emotional in a good way, we felt like brothers and I thanked very much them for this. I was feeling a lot the music, every drop, and transposing this to dancing, sometimes I closed my eyes and felt I was in my own world just enjoying and dancing. I didn’t even like deep music, always found it boring, but during the effect it was magic, and after the experience I consider way more cool than before.
1730	3	a	3 hours later that I took the pill, I could realize that that effect was coming down, but I was still able to enjoy it. I could realize that that effect was coming down, but I was still able to enjoy it. 30 minutes later, my legs and back started to feel tired because of all the dancing and it was the sign to leave the party and go rest. When we got at our house I noticed that I could sleep normally if I wanted, but my friends said that smoking marijuana was good for relaxing more and it also combines well, so I did it too, then I slept easily. The day after I was very tired (it was very nice to stay resting in the bed) but happy with the experience. Therefore, summarizing, my first experience with ecstasy was incredible, with no collateral effects at all, not even increased heart rate.
1731	3	a	My second experience with ecstasy was 1 month and a half later than the first one. I had promised myself that I was going to take a 2 months break at least, but the situation was really good to use it, so I did it. This time, it wasn’t in a nightclub, but in a large event that plays diverse kinds of music, like Brazilian funk, Brazilian Sertanejo and also deep music at the end. I felt different from the first one, maybe because of the composition of the tablet or maybe because of the vibe of the event. I was feeling a strong necessity for talking with my friends, to open up my feelings and be sincere with things I couldn’t say sober (after I realized that I was indeed saying things that are true and I couldn’t say sober but some “little lies” were being said too, because of the emotional boost). It was very pleasant, the bond we made and the profundity of the talks. I saw one of my best friends kissing a girl that I liked and I was very comfortable with it, with no bad feelings at all and even a good feeling about the couple. Then I started kissing a girl in the party, my mouth was very dry at the start but it got better during the kiss and drinking beer. The sensation of the kiss was very good, not beyond incredible like I expected it but still nice. 
1732	3	a	The party had finished but I still had a a lot of energy and desire to talk with girls. The party continued in the streets and I spent some time talking with a girl I met and her friends. My friends wanted to leave and I had to go with them, even with not wanting to go home to sleep. I met another girl at the way home and started talking with her for an hour I guess, and we kissed at the end, I think I had more desire to talk than to kiss, I wasn’t even hard. It was 6 hours post the time I took the pill and I was still feeling the energy boost and easily talking to anyone, much more eloquent.  
1733	3	a	Then the collateral effects started, I couldn’t sleep and was feeling strange, with difficulty breathing and accelerated heart rate. Very different from the first time and I stayed preoccupied a little bit. I could only sleep at 11 pm (I took the pill at 3 am, and the common time to sleep was 7 am, after the party is over) and woke up at 8 am, not much sleeping considering that I was awake for all that time. The hangover and strange feeling finished at 11 am I guess. The day after I was a little bit depressed because of regrets in a couple things I did and the thought of my best friend and the girl I like was not so nice anymore. But nothing serious, just a little down.
1734	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1735	3	a	MDMA (3) : Rave / Dance Event (18), General (1)
1736	3	a	12:26 - my boyfriend, Marc & I drank the molly water. About a half an hour went by and we didn't feel much so we drank more of what we had.  
1737	3	a	After drinking the second dose about 15-20 minutes went by, then it all came on at once. First I felt my body go completely numb, however I could tell I had the cold sweats almost instantly. Marc and I immediately got down on our knees facing each other and started running our hands through my carpet and touching our legs, my dog also came over and she got some good pets and we rubbed our faces against hers she felt incredibly soft and smooth. After a little bit we got up and moved to the couch, I think we were trying to collect our thoughts and really figure out what was happening. 
1738	3	a	At this point I wasn't seeing much of anything but my vision seemed to be skipping and everything felt as if it was in slow motion. Then Marc instantly felt like puking (which we expected might happen) so it wasn't troubling. As he went upstairs I began to walk around my room feeling the carpet on my feet. I've never experienced this type of sensation before I've only smoked weed and gotten drunk so I wasn't sure how to handle it. I've only smoked weed and gotten drunk so I wasn't sure how to handle it. I went upstairs and started pacing, freaking myself out, luckily I tried this with someone I love and trust so Marc put me down on the floor and started to rub my back and tell me everything was fine. He started the shower and we both got in and then I felt the nausea. I leaned over then tub and puked into the toilet. After this I started to try and make myself throw up by sticking my fingers down my throat. I thought it would make me feel better but nothing would come out. 
1739	3	a	I've read stories that talk about how MDMA can help people with PTSD to remember traumatic experiences and bring positivity to them. In this case having an eating disorder in the past throwing up helped me relate positive emotions instead of negative ones to my eating disorders. Which I thought was pretty cool yet weird? 
1740	3	a	After we gathered ourselves we went back downstairs and that's when the colors, visuals, and distortions started. My walls had patterns all over them it looked like they were made up of grids and I could see a blue wave of energy in everything as if it was all connected somehow. My ceilings turned pink, blue and green and the patterns swirled together making beautiful movements above me. We were very distracted and couldn't focus on one thing at a time, we'd go upstairs to get water and come back down and completely forget. 3 am rolls around and we start listening to music and dancing, I changed my outfit about 3 times throughout my experience. We tried to have sex but it wasn't working out that well we kept getting distracted but touching and being with each other felt extremely good and we shared a lot of personal things and I felt like we connected on a spiritual level in a way. 
1741	3	a	I noticed Marc was clenching his jaw and I remembered I had gummies left over so I offered him one to maybe make him relax his jaw, we both started to eat it and the flavor was crazy, nothing like I've ever tasted before then all of a sudden I say out loud 'ew the texture just changed' and as I was saying that Marc made a disgusted face and we both were comparing it to sand dissolving in our mouths. We saw a lot of the same patterns and I thought it was weird we both felt the same texture while eating the gummy. I could see colors in Marc's face, red and blue lines going up and across almost like a plaid pattern, and parts of his body were glowing different colors, it's almost like I could see through him in a way. I remember telling him how beautiful he looked and we were both extremely loving and complimented each other a lot. It felt so good just to be in each other's presence. 
1742	3	a	I also saw illuminating colors bouncing off the corners of my room, purple, blue, and green. I recall seeing the color purple the most. At about 5:40 I think my eyes reached maximum dilated because I could no longer see anything on my phone but I know I wanted to see the sunrise so keeping track of time was very difficult. However we managed to see the sunrise! Kinda.... Also, I was reaching my second peak at this time and I managed it much better than the first. The cold sweats made me feel good and I started to see the 'technology' in my phone. My Phone was made up of grids and all these different colors swirling together, when I would scroll up to try and read what I typed all of the words would move in patterns. Using my phone at this point was impossible I tried to pick different songs but I couldn't see any words on my phone so I gave up.
1743	3	a	Moving on, we were laying in bed again and just enjoying the colors and patterns. I started to see almost like a glass forcefield a few inches below my ceiling and I could see waves of energy, almost like I could see the movements in the air around the room. I also would put my head down and it felt as if I went into another dimension and I would have conversations with people, but I would answer out loud and immediately pick my head up and ask Marc why I just said that? I did this about 4 or 5 times. 
1744	3	a	So now at about 8am I'm starting to come down but I can still see patterns in the walls and math equations, don't ask me why, were coming off the walls at me. My phone was still kind of blurry but I had reading glasses so I could read my updates that I sent to a friend who's really interested in these type of experiences. There were still quite a bit of colors on my phone but the words no longer would move together in patterns on my phone.  At about 10am I was coming down pretty quickly the colors were still there but not intense at all and I could only see the movements of air in my room. Another hour went by and I was ready to sleep it off. When I woke up my eyes still felt really weird and I felt extremely uncoordinated. Al I wanted to do was lay in bed under the covers for the rest of the day.
1745	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1746	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Relationships (44), General (1)
1747	3	a	20 year old, female, very healthy. Previous drug experience: Marijuana, Alcohol, MDMA, plenty of phamaceuticals (opioids), Nitrous Oxide (if you really consider that a drug).
1748	3	a	The day starts with absolutely no intention to eat the E that we have had for a couple of weeks now.
1749	3	a	1:00pm- Insufflated 3/4 of a 30mg percocet (approx. 22.5mg).
1750	3	a	Go on with daily life, grocery shopping and such.  Pick up the mail to see we have received our pill testing kit. Pick up the mail to see we have received our pill testing kit.  Again, I have no intentions to do the E today, but the boyfriend gets it into his head that we need to do it today.  I oblige after 3 or so hours of argument.  I also did not want to take the E in a negative mindset, so I amp myself up, grab an antioxidant filled smoothie, and prepare myself for a relaxing evening.
1751	3	a	*I have ingested ecstasy (which I had not tested but had seen others take and seemed very safe and enjoyable, suspect MDMA) a month before for the first time and had a fantastic experience, no negative side effects other than the slight hangover the day after.
1752	3	a	T +0:00: I ingest my first hit of E (White, G's up, Hoes down) which was tested earlier and came out with no signs of 2-ct-7, speed, DXM or MDA.  Our hookup says they are the cleanest pills he has had in a long time.  The boyfriend takes one yellow, Louis Vuitton which was also tested equal to mine.  At this time, it is about 6:30pm.
1753	3	a	T+ 0:45: Boyfriend is rolling hard, I still feel nothing.  This is slightly unusual to me.  I had consumed MAYBE 500 calories all day, and weigh in at just over 90 pounds.
1754	3	a	T+ 1:35: Finally feeling the MDMA rush, body tingles like none other.  Go to lay in the grass because it seems like a good idea.  Not really, wearing a backless shirt I decide that the itching is more overwhelming than the soft feel of the fresh cut grass.  I sit down and feel ENTIRELY overwhelmed.  I guess this is blowing up (I never really did blow up the first time I took E).  I am sweating, shaking, things are going white.  My heart is racing and I pour water over my face and go lay down.  
1755	3	a	T+ 1:50:  Feeling much better, rolling quite nicely.  Smoking cigarettes and listening to some 80's rock.  I soon change the music into trance and enjoy the cliche E indulgences, complete with glowsticks.  
1756	3	a	T+ 2:30: Take a walk to the coffeeshop, which I'm not craving substantially unlike every other day of my life, but it still sounds nice.  We come back shortly after and decide to insufflate half of our second pills.  I don't know why I suggest this, as we tried this last time and it was quite awful.  I guess I just enjoy the act of snorting substances... and I also think that the pill may hit me faster than the last one.  After completing what seemed like an extremely large amount of powder, we eat the other halves.  
1757	3	a	T+ 3:30:  Everything feels great, including intercourse =].  We decide to make a cigarette run. 
1758	3	a	Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. Don't do it!] Boyfriend feels fine to drive and so we leave.  We end up driving around our new town (we moved here about a week ago) for quite a while... boyfriend literally 'projectile vomits' on our way back home.  This is for some reason incredibly amusing to us. Boyfriend takes hit number three... things go quite hazy from here.
1759	3	a	T+ 6:00: I start dazing out and feeling very nauseous.  I try throwing up several times and only manage to get a very small amount up, I feel no better.  I close my eyes and experience some intense visuals (I suspect my second pill was MDA, the test never quite turned purple like the other pill did - Simon's Reagent)  I have never had any draw into psychedelics and therefore do not enjoy the experience.  I sit on the couch for the next two hours.  My boyfriend is still feeling nice and I feel like I am killing his roll.. this sucks.  I am feeling my eyes roll into the back of my head, experiencing increased visuals (only with eyes closed thus far).  Finally I decide I am done trying to feel good, and I attempt to sleep.
1760	3	a	T+ 8:00:  Still trying to stay asleep.  I wake up every thirty minutes (like clockwork, it's unbearable) from 3am to 7:30am to use the bathroom.  My bathroom trips include intense open-eyed visuals now.. monkey faces encircling me, this is awful.  
1761	3	a	T+ 18:00:  I never ever sleep in.  I wake up today at 12:30pm, which is fine with me.  Last time I ate 1& 1/2 beans and slept only 4 hours, but had the best time of my life, only feeling slightly uneasy the next day.  It's nearing 8:30pm and I am still not feeling great.  After self-proclaiming E the 'best drug ever', my second experience has altered my view slightly.  Although I will not let this be my last experience, I am extremely disappointed that I did not get the experience I had hoped for. 
1762	3	a	I'm not sure if it was the percocet or the possibility that I had consumed both MDMA and MDA or the fact that I had barely eaten, nonetheless, I'm glad it's over.
1763	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1764	3	a	MDMA (3), Bad/Suspect Ecstasy (567) : Combinations (3), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1765	3	a	While it may be that the substance described is pure MDMA, Ecstasy/Molly tablets and powders are notoriously impure, misrepresented, or adulterated. Ecstasy sold in retail contexts such as festivals or parties often contain chemicals other than MDMA.] 
1766	3	a	Background: I'm 18 years old. I am a frequent Marijuana and tobacco smoker, I occasionally drink, and I have tried Salvia, Shrooms, Coke, 2C-I, DXM, and alcohol. 
1767	3	a	Setting: My apartment. Small, but cozy. After having been there only a month, it already feels like home. I was very comfortable in that situation.
1768	3	a	Set: Apprehensive, but excited. I had bought the pill a few days earlier, and decided, mostly on a whim, that tonight would be a good night to take it.
1769	3	a	++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
1770	3	a	8:45 - Call my friend T, who agreed to act as a sitter for me. He was at a barbeque, so I told him not to hurry. Then I call my friend M, who has had previous X expierience, to ask him a couple questions, including how long it would take to hit (around an hour), whether I should have cigs handy (definitely, they're a must), and whether I should have weed (not necessary, might be nice for come-down).
1771	3	a	Note: From here on in, I transcribed my trip journal exactly as I wrote it down. Any notes are in parantheses.
1772	3	a	8:55 - Dose with water 1 blue dolphin pill. Feeling apprehensive, and kinda stoned from the weed smoked approximately 15 min earlier. 
1773	3	a	9:05 - Just rolled 9 cigs. Possibly feeling something? I don't really feel stoned, but I don't feel normal. Placebo effect?
1774	3	a	9:08 - Call sitter (I was definitely not feeling normal. My exact words were 'This shit is hitting too fast. Get over here.')
1775	3	a	9:11 - Go outside for cigarette (and to wait for T).
1776	3	a	9:18 - Well, I think I'm definitely feeling it. I'm pretty fucking happy, and considering recent events, that's saying something. (I had recently gotten in a car accident and gotten arrested for my part in setting a forest fire.) I'm also getting some weird perspective changes. I find myself looking around, cause everything looks new and different. Getting some dry mouth, but I'm staying hydrated. (I had a 20 oz. Pop bottle that I filled with water. I would eventually drink 30-35 oz. Over the course of the night.) It's probably kicking in so fast cause I haven't eaten much of anything in the past couple days. Nothing else is in my system. (Except for the weed, but I have such a tolerance to it by this point that a bowl, smoked by myself, will only get me high for a half-hour or so.)
1777	3	a	9:23 - Oh yeah, it's hitting. I feel amazing. Where the fuck is my sitter? I called him 15 minutes ago. (It's worth noting that my friend wasn't more than 15 minutes walking time, and he was with his girlfriend who had a car.)
1778	3	a	9:26 - Put in Garden State (chosen because it's the only movie I know with a scene of people taking X). I feel like I'm floating when I walk. Spelling is hard. I'm writing too quickly to put all the letters down on paper. 
1779	3	a	9:28 - My whole body is tingling. Everything seems to be going in slow motion, although sounds aren't distorted.
1780	3	a	9:34 - Can't really feel my limbs anymore. I just feel like a tingly ball, or maybe an egg....(The best equivalent would be that pins and needles feeling you sometimes get in your arms and legs when the blood gets cut off or starts flowing again, but not in an annoying way.)
1781	3	a	9:35 - The light keeps getting darker. Can't tell if its real or not. (The reason I noticed, and also the reason I wasn't sure if it was because of the drug, was because it became darker by a few degrees a few times in a row, with about 4-5 seconds in between.)
1782	3	a	9:36 - Oh damn. I feel....I don't even know. (Good.)
1783	3	a	9:37 - My vision keeps jerking around. Staying focused on anything is harder than its worth.
1784	3	a	9:38 - Half an hour. What's taking him? I could be dead by now.
1785	3	a	9:39 - Seems to be coming in waves. I don't feel like I did 3 minutes ago. Extreme tracers. Well, not extreme, but noticeable.
1786	3	a	9:44 - False alarm on the piss. (I had gotten up to go to the bathroom, but after standing in front of the toilet for almost a minute, I abandoned the cause.)
1787	3	a	9:46 - It's incredibly hard to focus on anything. My vision is jerking and blurring. However, the TV is unaffected.
1788	3	a	9:55 - I feel great. Vision is bouncing extremely fast. I can barely read my writing. 1 hour mark (since I'd taken the drug, not since I called my sitter).
1789	3	a	10:08 - Ok, not cool. I called him an hour ago. I was gonna say something else, but I forgot what it was.
1790	3	a	10:17 - The world just took on an orange tint.
1791	3	a	10:23 - got a call from my sitter, is on his way. 1 hour 15 minutes after I first called, by the way.
1792	3	a	10:28 - If my teeth don't scare my dentist, he's in the wrong profession. I can't seem to stop grinding my teeth.
1793	3	a	10:34 - My sitter finally arrives. (I did all the typical X things, despite telling myself I wouldn't. But I was so grateful that they finally arrived that I gave them both hugs, and was way nicer than I normally would be in this situation.)
1794	3	a	11:07 - First time sitting down since my sitter arrived. (I had been standing previous to then, talking with T while he smoked a couple bowls. I had no interest in getting blazed.)
1795	3	a	11:41 - order pizza. Currently listening to Incubus. (Their first CD, a must for any trip.) gonna try to study for my test tomorrow.
1796	3	a	12:08 - Pizza gets here. I feel down. I thought this would last a bit longer, but quick to hit, quick to pass. I still feel it, but it just feels like I woke up from a good nap, as opposed to having a million ants massage me to orgasm.
1797	3	a	12:56 - Smoking my first full bowl. Taken three hits off three different bowls, mostly cause of the taste. (This was the best tasting weed I'd had in a while, but until now, a hit for the taste was all I desired.)
1798	3	a	At this point, I stopped keeping the journal. We went to Perkins, which is open 24/7, and stayed there for maybe an hour, then left. I had two cups of coffee while there. When we got home, I got in bed, but I had no interest in sleeping. So I put on the Secret Machines CD, and after that was done, watched a movie. I went to my class at 9, after being up all night, mostly just sitting and waiting. We ended up not having a test, which was good, although I was surprisingly prepared for it. I found that I had an easier time understanding the material, although it was harder for me to associate concepts with names. 
1799	3	a	After class, I went home, stayed up till about 1 PM, then crashed for about 2 hours, till some friends came over and woke me up. I didn't feel tired though, I felt fine. I slept fine that night, and haven't had a problem since. The one thing I did notice, was throughout that day, I would occasionally get the same feeling I got just prior to the really fast part of the come-up.
1800	3	a	After doing some research here on Erowid, and elsewhere, I found dolphins, which contained meth, and blue dolphins, which contained caffeine. Since the blue dolphins looked exactly like the one I took, I'm going to assume they were the same thing. 
1801	3	a	Conclusions - Well, I don't want to take one that contains meth, but I would definitely do a BD or something similar in the future. But it definitely requires vigilance. All I wanted to do on Tuesday (two days after I took it) was eat another. I have never felt so good in my life, and it would be very very easy to start taking these all the time.
1802	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1803	3	a	I was curled up on a filthy couch in one of my dorm's common rooms. I had a massive headache. Felt like my head might collapse. It was around five PM, and my heart was beating too loud. I tried to calm myself down, because this happened a lot after I'd done a few lines of cocaine. My heart always had this sort of chaotic, kick drum quality to its sound. Today was different, though, because I hadn't known I'd be taking MDMA at 6 PM. Obviously I am hardly a paragon of responsible drug use, but at this point I didn't really care. I was just trying to make my heart slow down and shut up so I could ingest another stimulant with a sliver of confidence. I remember a girl turned off the lights in the common room and offered me a blanket and some Valerian root. I was shivering.
1804	3	a	I sat there shivering for an hour until my friend came and got me. She was extremely worried about me, and even more worried about my adamant insistence on taking a dose of MDMA before we caught our bus. We were going downtown to see a show, and we were nervous about taking the MDMA at the venue because we had read that the come-up from ingesting was somewhat delayed. At this point I was, to be quite honest, still relatively confused about what MDMA was. My friend had done it before, but she had snorted it, and her major report was that the drip had tasted awful (this depressed me a little, because I really like the way cocaine drip feels and tastes) and that she had felt overpoweringly happy and had wanted to be touched, but only for a short period of time. I suppose it is also important to note that when we do drugs together, my friend always takes higher doses than me and reports that she is feeling less than I do (obviously this is entirely relative).
1805	3	a	As we were walking down the hall to her room, she kept asking me if I was sure, and I kept saying yes. So in we went, and she produced a bag with two capsules in it. The powder was a pale pinkish brown. We joked excessively about its coloration because we were under the impression that MDMA is always white. She may have even insisted on looking it up on Erowid, because at some point the jocular tone turned into a frightened one (another thing that seems to happen to us a lot). Each capsule contained 125 milligrams of MDMA, which we had read was a standard dose. Our dealer told us we could take more if we wanted, but that she didn't recommend it. As an aside, this dealer also claims to have done around 500 milligrams simultaneously, but I can't attest to the veracity of that story. She said it was “scary”.
1806	3	a	Anyway, we took our capsules and – completely miraculously – I experienced an immediate sense of almost incapacitating calmness. This, of course, was totally in my head, but I sort of reasoned that now that I'd swallowed the capsule, nothing could go wrong, and that if it did, I would be alright. I suspect that this might have been a residual effect of the cocaine, distorting my capacity to reason. (I can justify just about anything to myself if I'm strung out and want it badly enough). My friend made a frenzied scrabble for our bus info, and then we got water bottles and RAN across campus to get to our bus stop. Even though I was feeling a little detached from the situation – again, all in my head – the running did freak me out a little. Generally speaking, running or otherwise physically exerting oneself on a stimulant cocktail is probably not a good idea, I would guess.
1807	3	a	We got onto our bus (it takes about 30 minutes to get downtown from our campus, so by the time we arrived about 45 minutes had elapsed since we had dosed) and sat at the front being generally loud, giggly, and obnoxious for about half the ride. We thought we might be coming up earlier than expected (I hadn't eaten all day, but my friend had) because everything seemed hysterically funny to both of us, but we eventually realized that we were just being idiots. I kept asking her if I would know definitively when I had come up, and she told me a few times that I would, because “everything becomes beautiful”. Once we were downtown, we suffered from a bit of confusion about which bus stop we were actually supposed to be looking for. There were a couple other people from our college on the bus, but they didn't stop us when we resolved to get off the bus at the wrong stop.
1808	3	a	My friend stood up before I did. I sat on the bench for a second, blinked, and opened my eyes. She was holding her hand out to me when I looked up, and all the lights inside the bus had beautiful sunburst-patterned lines radiating from them. The windows were foggy, so I couldn't really see outside yet. I looked around for a few seconds and I remember saying “I feel weird” as I stood up and she literally dragged me off the bus. And then we were standing on the sidewalk. I felt, I was sure, exactly as a newborn baby must. It was freezing outside and I was wearing a dress. I could feel, very acutely, cold air pouring into my whole body. The immediate physical sensation was both shocking and beautiful. I remember feeling like my coherent, logical, reasoning mind was floating a few inches above my body. I felt, I suppose, a little like a simpler creature. All my concerns were stripped down to a basic level, and I had an inexplicable NEED – not a desire, a need – to cling to my friend's arm. 
1809	3	a	I looked around downtown as we stood there on the sidewalk. I think my friend was trying to figure out exactly where we were. She had not yet come up and was not only perfectly coherent, but was also becoming increasingly frustrated with the GPS on her phone. I honestly can't remember a lot of what she said here because it seemed a little like muted static to me: I was so overwhelmed by the sparkling clarity of my eyes. Everything was glittering with rain and the sidewalk was full of jewels. All the streetlights had these little halos around them and headlights seemed foggy and exceptionally luminous. Everyone who passed us on the street looked incredibly beautiful to me, but I didn't feel any sexual desire for any of them. I just wanted to look and smile. And I did. And I think it scared a lot of hapless pedestrians. At this point there was very clearly something wrong with me, I'm sure. 
1810	3	a	My friend tugged on my hand and we started walking. She was leading me, and I was holding her hand. I remember feeling very distinctly that I was either a toddler or a puppy, but that I was comfortable with both. Like I said, my coherent, logical faculties were still operating, but only sporadically, and I think for the most part I was laughing at myself, because for the first time I actually felt like I was literally exiting my head. I felt like a different person, and actually, my friend later told me that my facial expressions were different while I was rolling. In some disconnected part of my brain, I felt passingly amused by the disturbed faces people were making when they looked at us. But this and, soon, all other thoughts, were eclipsed by one idea: I became utterly fixated on the idea that we were lost and would not find our venue. I was also fleetingly aware of the fact that my friend had not yet come up, and so I was totally certain that she would and that we would be wandering around lost in a bliss-abyss for days.
1811	3	a	We had to stop on a street corner at one point because she had to tinker with her phone again, and I remember her laughing and telling me to “just stay there” because she actually thought I was going to wander into traffic. I kept looking around in wonderment, and I think I eventually stopped being aware of my feet. I felt like I was floating. She also told me that I was holding her hand way too tightly and actually pulling it downwards. I looked down and realized not only that I was doing both things, but that I was not physically aware of either one. And I laughed. And laughed. And laughed. At about this point I started asking her repeatedly if we were lost and whispering into her ear that we were not going to find the venue. I think this was making her nervous. I was only dimly aware of a vestigial nervousness that would have existed if I weren't high, but was sort of beginning to absorb her anxiety. I remember thinking that it might be appropriate for us to sit on the curb and wait to come down. Even this thought, however, seemed like a pleasant and reasonable solution. I suspect, though, that is was the product of a combination of detached reasoning skills and the creeping sense of anxiety I was getting from my friend, who I had thought was anchoring me to reality. I started to feel a distant sort of panic, and it only got worse the longer we spent on the street (a homeless guy yelled at us about how beautiful we were at some point). The feeling was bizarre, though. I was decidedly anxious, but I still felt really good. The ideas are totally incongruous but they fit into my head pretty neatly at the time.
1812	3	a	"And then, suddenly, the venue! It emerged on the horizon like some kind of glorious beacon, and I felt the most incredible wave of euphoria wash over me when I saw the glowing neon facade. I'm not exactly sure how to articulate this, but my heart felt happy. I was fluttering. We stepped inside, where it was warm and dark and smoky. I felt my body gasping at the temperature change. It felt beautiful. I think someone asked me to throw away my water bottle, and as I was dropping it into the trash can, I remember thinking the water inside was extremely hot. My friend and I presented our tickets. The guy who took them had a long, hard look at my face, and then he smiled a little and waved me through. My friend was coming up now too, and said she felt “floaty”. We linked arms and floated upstairs. In the bathroom I experienced a moment of incredible disturbance and hilarity when I looked at my reflection and realized that I could not see my irises at all. My pupils were, I should say, ENORMOUS.	"
1813	3	a	When we got into the concert hall itself, I was overwhelmed by an incredible and characteristic sense of “belonging”. When I had read about a “sense of belonging” as a drug effect in the past, I had always been really skeptical of the phrasing. But I really did feel like, out of every pinprick of human warmth in the world, this was the one I was supposed to be in. This was the one I was supposed to find, and, of course, this was the one I had found. I had a sense that everything had worked out in an intentional and fluid way, and that everything in my life had culminated in my arriving at this one room at this particular time. My friend and I shoved our way towards the stage. I have never been happier to have dozens of perspiring bodies pressing against me. It felt immensely wonderful. I'll also add that after this was all over, my comedown was actually exceedingly mild, and I slept like a baby after I got home. I have never felt so comfortable in my own bed. Also, I hardly felt sad at all in the ensuing week.
1814	3	a	I won't go into detail about the actual concert, because anyone who has ever taken MDMA or ecstasy knows that music sounds and FEELS fantastically alive. (If you are a stranger to this phenomenon, you are seriously missing out!). At some intervals I felt like the drums and bass in the concert were making my heart beat, my blood pump. I felt very aware of my experience and less aware than usual of my body, but there were no unnecessary thoughts or superimpositions. I felt like I was flying out of my head and becoming some celestial creature, and everything looked beautiful to me. For five hours, I was an angel.
1815	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1816	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Combinations (3), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1817	3	a	For a long time I had been wanting to do ecstasy while just 'chilling' at some friends house instead of going to a rave. I think at a rave the environment can affect the empathy and flow of feelings somehow. Plenty of times I 'rushed' to friends and quickly expressed my feelings and than ran off and danced. I also think just sitting and relaxing lets your mind flow more and you can reminisce on aspects of your life...
1818	3	a	I met a girl at a club when I first began doing ecstasy. Surprisingly, she came on to me (it seemed) and we hit it off well. As time progressed, and the new experience and atmosphere of ecstasy and raving entered my life, I was very cautious. I was kinda hesitant about having a relationship with her, she was a part of this new period of my life and I felt wary about anything related to it. I wasn't mean to her but I was very cautious. As time progressed we spoke on and off.
1819	3	a	I leave for the holidays. I come back. She came down and hung out with me and my friends while we did e and lsd. I had wanted to try e again... I knew the crowns were good and I had really mellow and calm thoughts when I did them before and I was in a good environment so I figured the e would balance the intense feeling I got when I did lsd. And so it did.
1820	3	a	We all hung out and decided to go to a bar. I couldn't get in but everyone else wanted to go so the girl says 'look let's go back to the house and just chill.' We get in the car and she pops some more e in for me.
1821	3	a	We hung out all night.. didn't kiss.. didn't have sex... we DID TALK... let me tell you. I have read and heard people talk about having bonding experiences and being able to open up but I've never been in the right atmosphere. But this time I took full advantage of it.. I don't remember every detail but afterwards it felt as if the world itself had been lifted off my shoulder. We talked about us first meeting, why I was hesitant about speaking to her, I discussed my family, my mom, the list goes on. It was the best 'therapy session' I had ever had.
1822	3	a	So, it seems to me, mdma CAN really open your mind, help you realize your thoughts, analyze ideas, and dream about reality and realize your dreams. I hope everyone gets to experience this.
1823	3	a	I think the important concept to remember is you don't have to get 'fucked up' to take advantage of it - take nights to just sit and reminisce with friends, it is one of the best experiences I have ever had. Be responsible, don't let the drug take advantage of you, you take advantage of it. Everything you do, do with spirit.
1824	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1825	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Relationships (44), General (1)
1826	3	a	I am a 21 year old sales engineer and part time webmaster working in Miami. I have been enjoying E for about a year now and very recently I had an amazing experience while on it. Now 'amazing' experiences are not uncommon while rolling on ecstasy, but this one might be.
1827	3	a	I was at a party with a good sized group of close friends who also liked to roll and a few of us were relaxing in a room with dim lights while watching another of our ranks show off his talents with a pair of glowsticks. Then it hit me! At a certain moment my friend who was dancing with the glowsticks changed. His face became more tanned; his facial hair grew thicker; he sprouted three piercings (an eyebrow ring, a nose ring, and a lip ring) and directly behind him appeared a leopard skin background out of nowhere! He had become some strange rave-dancing jungle-pirate! Now keep in mind that my friend normally has no piercings, only light facial hair, and slightly tanned skin. The sight lasted just long enough for me to say, 'What the..?'. The sound echoed in my ears, or so I thought. At that moment my good friend sitting right next to me turned, as did I to meet his astonished gaze, and said, 'Did you see that shit too?!'. At that moment my good friend sitting right next to me turned, as did I to meet his astonished gaze, and said, 'Did you see that shit too?!'. My jaw dropped and we began recounting details of what had become 'our' experience one detail at a time.
1828	3	a	As we spoke of our close encounter of the X kind, our friends standing nearby overheard and were laughing with amazement. And our shape-shifting friend who was dancing stopped and looked a little nervous. My friend and I who shared the vision gathered our wits and proceeded to party until the sun rose over our crazy group.
1829	3	a	Is ecstasy induced hallucinatory ESP possible? Absolutely. Next week I'm going to try levitating my glowsticks...
1830	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1831	3	a	MDMA (3) : Entities / Beings (37), General (1), Club / Bar (25)
1832	3	a	I am a rave promoter and a DJ in the United States who just recently tried ecstasy. I believe that the experience I had was sacred, valuable and important in the way it affected my life.
1833	3	a	However, being a rave promoter and seeing the same kids on E all the time makes me a bit sad. My own personal experience provided me with a profound sense of well being; a feeling I can summon just by concentrating a little on the memory of my E trip.
1834	3	a	One of the more important lessons I learned on E was that I had to try to find that same sense of well-being in my everyday interactions with people. Indeed even those interactions between the subtle thoughts and conceptions that help us create a sense of consciousness can be directed to have positive effects on one's life.
1835	3	a	I have only taken E twice and I plan on taking it again, but at the maximum frequency of every six months. The second time I took it I was with my girlfriend and we were able to explore the depths of our relationship and become closer in the process. Ecstasy helped make our relationship more communicative. The memory and contemplation of my experience on E brings new insights several months after I have taken it.
1836	3	a	I am glad that E is out there to provide those who open themselves to the experience with a pathway to greater self-understanding.
1837	3	a	To all you E-heads out there, please, please, take the time to consider what you are doing to yourself, how it affects you and why you do it. E should be held as a sacred thing, not just something to do when you're bored. Get into the music, or something else, invite your passions to entrance you. Express what you've felt on E in the 'real world'. Make a difference in people's lives. Peace.
1838	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1839	3	a	I'm 17 and in grade 12 at my local highschool. I started smoking pot a little over a year ago and used to smoke at least 4 times a day for around 7 months, I've recently cut back to once a day. 3 months ago after developing a large tolerance. In the span of the last 7 month I’ve done E, mushrooms, DXM, hash, salvia, cocaine, and LSD. Once I OD'ed on coke but survived that and after that I had promised myself that I would be much more careful when using chemicals from then on. Here's how I broke the promise to myself. I tried MDMA for the first time in 2007 during the summer and loved it. It was the first 'harder' drug then pot that I had ever done. So when my friends offered to sell me 4 pills for 20 bucks  I was really happy to buy them. I had planned on taking one at work that night, saving 2 for my PD day the next week, and one for some other time. 
1840	3	a	When I finally got the pills at school that day I then set off for the mall during lunch. I was too anxious to wait for work that evening so I decided to take one during lunch at the mall.  I took the first pill at 11:40, when I got back to school I found out that my regular group of friends I hangout with at lunch had gotten busted for possesion of weed and one for ecstasy that day during lunch. I couldn’t believe how lucky I was for not being there, or else I would have forsurely been caught with 4 pills of E and 7 grams of weed. I then went to class and after about 40 minutes I was feeling a nice buzz, but it wasn't as intense as I had expected so I decided to take  one more. I took it during class at 1:20 and within 15 minutes my whole body felt like it was tingling pleasantly all over. I was talking to people around me that I usually don't talk to and making lots of jokes (I am usually a pretty quiet person).
1841	3	a	When that class ended I headed off to my next period class with a huge grin on my face. But during that class at around 2:40 I had started to lose some of the feelings from the 2 pills so I decided to take the other two, my rationale for this was that I had to be at work in a little over an hour and I wanted to feel great when I started my shift. One of my good friends who despises drugs was sitting besides me during that class and I didn't want to risk him noticing what I was doing so I asked to go to the washroom. When I got to the washroom I headed for a stall and decided to try snorting the pill. My one friend said snorting it was really good, but stung your nose alot.  I decided to do it anyways, so I crushed up the pill on my credit card, I was surprised at how much powder came from that one little pill when it got crushed up. After snorting it  I headed back to class and when I got back to class (I didn't realize that I had already been from the class for over 20 minutes) I felt like I was floating across the floor, my nose stung and the drips in the back of my throat tasted awful, but I didn't care. Nothing bothered me and I couldn't stop talking to my one friend.  
1842	3	a	I had one pill left at this point and my friend had left the class to go to a doctor’s appointment. Since when I had taken only one pill earlier it  hadn't done as much as I would have liked  it too I decided to swallow this fourth and last pill. By the time school ended at 3:20 my whole body felt great and I couldn't help but smile at everybody. I had half and hour to get to work and it usually takes me 40 minutes to walk to work, but today it only took me 30 minutes and in this time I smoked 3 cigarettes on the way, had a coffee, and stopped to buy food. I was amazed at how little time it had taken me to get there.  
1843	3	a	As soon as I got to work I headed to the washroom to see how my eyes were, my pupils were massive and I could barely see any of the brown color in my eyes. Now I'm a dishwasher at work and the dish area is usually pretty hot, but this didn’t bother me. I kept talking to the cooks and waitresses (usually I don’t say anything more then hello) and was getting my work done very fast. I couldn't stop whistling to myself and I had never been so happy to be working before. At around 4:30 I started to notice that I was sweating alot and feeling very hot, but didn't think anything of it, then 10 minutes later I became extremely light headed and nauseous but no matter how much water I drank my mouth would go back to feeling dry in a few seconds. Then my stomach started to feel like it was in a massive knot and I burped to try and get some gas out of it. As soon as I burped, a huge spewing of vomit followed and landed all over the dishes, I quickly washed these so nobody noticed.. My shirt was pretty much soaked from sweat at this point and I was extremely dizzy. 15 minutes after puking I just kept feeling hotter and hotter so I went and stood in the large vegetable fridge for about 10 minutes. This helped a little but as soon as I got back to the dishes area I would start to to feel overheated and sweat profusely again. My lips were extremely dry and hurt a lot because I had been chewing on the for the past 2 hours. I was getting kind of worried at this point but I couldn't tell my boss that I had taken 4 pills of E or else I would definitely get fired, so I just kept working.
1844	3	a	Within an hour after that I suddenly felt like I was going to faint, I quickly told my boss I was taking my break and went outside in my t-shirt for a cigarette (it was -8 degrees and there was a foot of snow on the ground) but I felt so hot that I didn’t even notice the cold. After 3 more hours of this I couldn't take it any longer so I told my boss I felt sick and was going home. By this time I had puked well over 7 times but was only feeling a little better, I had told the other dishwasher that I had a really bad cold. The kitchen was ridiculously hot and the dishwasher was giving off a lot of heat which felt intensified to me. I was still extremely talkative, but I could barely walk straight because my stomach hurt so much and I felt so dizzy. When I got home I felt exhausted, but couldn't sleep so I decided to come and write this report. I am not angry with myself for letting this happen, instead I have let it be  a lesson to myself for when I take MDMA again. From now on I am going to be much more careful when taking these powerful tiny pills.
1845	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1846	3	a	MDMA (3) : School (35), Overdose (29), Difficult Experiences (5), General (1)
1847	3	a	I did MDMA (.5g over a period of 2 days) the last weekend of June 2010. Previously that year I had been taking SSRI's for depression and I was concerned that this would affect my overall 'high' (Which I'm sure it did). When I did plateau, it was medium strength, and short. And when I came down, I did not experience a crash followed by a hangover, in fact I had a sense of well-being and clarity after the effects of the drug wore off. (Although I think that I may have developed HPPD after this dosing.)  
1848	3	a	However, I most recently repeated the same dosing in mid-August (Less that 2 months later) and had an opposite experience, I tripped harder but had a severe come down that was followed by a depressive episode that lasted for at least 2 weeks. I've also had problems with my short-term memory (but these seem to be temporary)
1849	3	a	I've done MDMA less than 10 times and I believe that I've reached the 'loss of magic' effect. It's nowhere near as good as it was the first time, and I've decided that I won't take it again recreationally because there's really no point, it does more harm than good.
1850	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1851	3	a	MDMA (3) : Hangover / Days After (46), Loss of Magic (34), General (1), Unknown Context (20)
1852	3	a	This is a follow-up to For Those with Seizure Disorders. It took place New Year's Eve, Dec 31/06. 
1853	3	a	Two months prior, my bf 'S' returned home from a few months work, during which time I was only able to see him online. I missed him, but I found myself using my free time to swim and hit the gym regularly. During that time, I lost 20 lbs but was not overweight to begin with. I basically tightened and toned, turned my body into a slender, shapely figure. S came home & was ecstatic, as you could imagine. My general attitude had improved as well. It was hard not to feel content, even if something was going wrong. I also ate the best of foods. Every cell in my body was filled with positive energy. I couldn't wait for New Year's to arrive, with the promise of Ecstacy.
1854	3	a	S had been home for a week, and I skipped the pool and gym, wanting to spend my time with him. I HAD every intention of resuming my workout schedule. It took 1 or 2 weeks, and my mood began to slip. I was unhappier than I'd ever remembered being, to the point S realized I was severely depressed. Everything pissed me off and I wanted to sleep every second I didn't have to be at work. After nearly 2 months of this, every day worse than the last, S did something that saved me. 
1855	3	a	I had gotten to the point that I didn't want him near me, didn't want him to touch me. One morning, after dealing with a cold shoulder from me, he said he didn't think he could take it anymore. I thought he was going to leave me. I could feel my emotions bubbling to the surface, which is foreign to me, as I haven't really cried in about 20 years. I began to explain why I was afraid to have him near me, and then I began to weep. My entire body shook with sobs. I can't relay the sounds that escaped me. All of this came from a history of being repeatedly molested. 
1856	3	a	Realization and acceptance of the fact that there was a problem was my first step towards healing. I knew from my previous experiences with E that I gravitate more towards conversations with people than anything else. I also recalled how joyful and alive I felt afterward, and was looking forward to these feelings again, especially with how dark my mind had been as of late. I also wondered if perhaps I had opened a door to simply getting better just by talking, and one time I am able to talk freely 
1857	3	a	New Year's Eve: I was nervous about coming up based on the last experience, so I decided to take only half a pill. That was 10pm. An hour later, I felt nothing and dropped the other half. It was only when we started to drive to the rave that I felt myself rushing just a little. But that was no surprise, as it takes me 2 pills for the effects to begin. It was 11:30 or midnight when I took the second pill, these pills were considered to be a '5' on a scale on 1 to 10. An hour after taking the second, I asked S for a third, who denied my request. He told me to wait a little longer, just in case. Not long later, I realized he was right.
1858	3	a	I first noticed the effects had begun when I looked at the lights that were hanging from the walls. There were these blue outdoor LED lights, and my eyes were continually drawn back to them, they were so beautiful. Then I realized I was coming up. I was starting to feel great. The music was amazing, and I loved watching people dance. A series of events occur after this point, but I can't recall for sure what pill I was on during those times. I will do my best to be accurate.
1859	3	a	S and I always part ways for a substantial portion of the raves we attend. There were four rooms, and I decided to explore them all. I kept returning to the room with the blue lights, where there was nothing but Jungle. That isn't my favourite, but there was something comforting in the room that kept drawing me back. Perhaps it was the lights. I think I had dropped my third pill at this point, so it must have been between 2 and 3am. I was sitting alone when this guy 'D' came over and sat with me. He began telling me of this horrible car crash he was in that resulted in him being paralyzed for some time. He eventually said screw that and decided to take his life and body back. Now he's strong and happy, and can walk or run anywhere he pleases. I told him of my being shot in the head, and the results. We were amazed with each others stories, and spent most of the night hanging out.
1860	3	a	Then came the irresistible need to touch. Only I had never felt it this strong before. D and I were sitting facing each other and I was running my hands up and down his legs, his arms, playing with his hair. At one point I was rubbing his leg, and reached over to the girl sitting beside us and started running my fingers over her legs as well. Then I realized that I had no idea who she was and asked her if it was okay for me to be doing that. She said she didn't mind at all. My hands were moving on everyone around me, and as a result, we ended up forming a massage line, random people joining in because it looked so inviting. I absolutely loved giving massages, but D offered to give me one, and then I discovered how amazing it was to receive one. Touch had never felt like this before, and I was loving it.
1861	3	a	I took my fourth pill around 4-4:30am. This was the first time I had ever gone beyond 3 pills in one night. When it kicked in, I had eye wiggles for the first time. Thankfully, unlike tracers during my last experience, I had heard of them before so I knew they were normal and not the possible onset of a seizure, so I knew I could enjoy them. And I did. I discovered a way to make them continue on for 5 to 10 seconds, marvelling at the tracers that followed them. It had a 3D effect, like when a show simulates an earthquake by making your tv screen 'shake', I would shake along with the eye wiggles. I was so disappointed when they began to stop.
1862	3	a	S spent a lot of the end of the night sitting with me. Around 5 or 6am, I was still feeling wonderful, but could feel the urge to take a fifth pill. S didn't want me to, just in case something negative happened to me, so I didn't. We were sitting, S against the wall, me sitting facing him. I was all smiles, stroking his arms and face. I asked him how he was feeling, and he said he was really high. I looked at his face and despite how high I was, I could see he wasn't kidding. His eyes darted everywhere, and nothing about him looked even remotely sober. He said he was feeling nauseated. Not long after, we decided to leave. 
1863	3	a	At home, I realized I was wiped out. I also realized how long and hard I'd been grinding my teeth ALL night. I recalled how on my fourth pill, I had tried to keep my mouth open, and I could feel my jaw literally shaking because my muscles were trying so hard to clench down. I remember being amused at how high S looked when I felt sober. Anyone who has seen someone coming down off E knows that look. It can be a little scary to see the face of a person who's been messed up all night. At that point I went to the bathroom while S smoked a few bowls and tried to come down. In the bathroom, I got a fright. My reflection in the mirror was not what I was expecting. I looked high like S did, my eyes vacant, or something I can't explain. My face was contorted into a frown that I couldn't erase. I guess clenching for hours had put lines in my face that would take a day or so to relax. I did not look like myself at all.
1864	3	a	The experience of seeing my face in the mirror was unnerving. I smoked a few bowls myself and headed for bed. S was already under the covers when I got there. He still had that look, his eyes darting at me, looking paranoid, even though he wasn't. The next thing that happened to me was when I tried to sleep. Even though I didn't feel like I was losing my mind, my thoughts were the strangest that I've ever experienced. When I'm falling asleep, my mind wanders of course, but my thoughts were so weird they were almost scary. For example, a man is a cd case who's trying to turn on a light by talking to a railroad which is a part of a mall that only sells lighters by climbing a tree..., etc. Nothing coherent whatsoever. I kept having to open my eyes to stop it from continuing, but when I closed my eyes again, another series of thoughts just as insane would begin. That happened for what I guess was probably an hour, at which point I finally fell asleep.
1865	3	a	I remember thinking that I couldn't believe we deliberately do this to ourselves. Being high and coming down felt like the most unnatural thing in the world, which I guess it is. I couldn't understand why anyone would put a foreign substance into their bodies. All of these thoughts came from the fear of having seen my face in the mirror, how distorted it looked. I think my brain was a little fried at that point, after having ingested 4 pills, and I was experiencing a slight freak-out.
1866	3	a	The next day was perfect though, except that for about a week, chewing was a painful process. I remembered what it was like to feel happy, and how wonderful it is to connect with other people. After working up the courage (which took a few months) I put myself into counselling. It was the best decision I ever made. And I have E to thank, and of course S, who is the best thing that ever happened to me. S brought me to the realization that I needed help, and E reminded me that it is possible to trust people, and that talking to others is one of the best things that a person can do to keep their mind healthy and happy. 
1867	3	a	Not once the entire night did I feel any real negative effects with regards to seizures or anything else. As usual, I kept myself, and everyone around me, hydrated. I am looking forward to my next E experience, which will either be in April at a rave for my birthday, or in July or August, alone with S in our home.
1868	3	a	Remember to take care of your body and your mind, and each other. That's why we're here.
1869	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1870	3	a	MDMA (3) : Rave / Dance Event (18), Therapeutic Intent or Outcome (49), General (1)
1871	3	a	Intravenous (IV) injection of crushed pills/tablets can be very dangerous due to unknown substances, binders, and fillers present. Any substance injected directly into the blood stream should be very pure. Clean needles and medically appropriate techniques should be used to avoid serious injury or death.] 
1872	3	a	There isn't a lot of information available on the injection of ecstasy. I tried it twice. I'd like to share my method of preparation as well as reasons it's not worth it. This will be a concise and hopefully somewhat informative report.
1873	3	a	I’ve had a fair amount of IV experience with various opiates, methamphetamine, and cocaine. Exploring methods of administrating intoxicants has been a rewarding mental exercise for me.
1874	3	a	Junkie style in a spoon after a thorough crushing. No heat applied. I ran them through several 18 gauge filter needles. The result was a cloudy mixture of sterile water and what I only assume is MDMA (and most likely leftover pill matter). I snorted a few of the pills several days prior to the experience and that is my subjective analysis. Note this isn't a chemical analysis, and I put myself at appreciable personal risk trying it.
1875	3	a	30-45 minutes in duration. I’ve had some mind-blowing experiences on ecstasy, but not this time. While it was generally comfortable and pleasant, re-dosing every hour or so was a real pain in the ass. By the end of the night I looked like a pincushion. It was generally mellow and for some reason not as psychedelic as my previous encounters with X. Dosage ran the gamut from a very small test shot to ¾ of a pill near the end of my experience.  In total I have injected 5 tablets worth of ecstasy.
1876	3	a	It wasn’t worth the damage to my veins. I had a little more trouble getting to sleep than with previous ecstasy experiences. Intranasal and oral administration have given me better experiences in the past. Duration of peak was not noticeably increased with dose. Unnecessarily dangerous. After trying it twice, I have no desire to inject ecstasy again. Additionally, my desire to use the drug again has waned since then.
1877	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1878	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Preparation / Recipes (30), Unknown Context (20)
1879	3	a	Ecstasy has always been a weak spot for me, I never turn down a pill.  I have rolled on multiple occasions, mostly with my long-term boyfriend. When we are under the influence of MDMA together, we tend to open up to many of our problems and things get resolved, and stay resolved after our trip.  The particular experience I would like to write about, however, is the first time I consumed ecstasy with a group of friends.  
1880	3	a	My background with other drugs is fairly brief, but in the half-year I've been involved with chemicals, I've tried quite a few substances and know my way around the more common uppers, downers, hallucinogens, and in-betweens.
1881	3	a	I'm driving to meet my friends when I drop my first pill.  Note: I'm aware that it won't hit me for another half-hour or so, I was not planning on driving as it hit me, as that sudden change in my mindset could potentially be dangerous while on the road.  At this point, all I'm thinking about is whether or not my friends will enjoy the night.  One other friend of mine, we'll call him Samuel, is planning on dropping a pill, but besides that, they will all be sober.  I worry also about another of my friends whom we'll call Michael, he's on probation and receives lie-detector tests, thus he will probably end up getting in trouble for being with people who are high.
1882	3	a	I pick up Michael and another friend whom we'll call Don from their house.  Both are very excited, I'd say as excited as I am, even though they won't be dropping any e-bombs.  We drive to a park by a lake that we've designated as our meeting spot.  My ecstasy is starting to kick in, so I drop my second pill with 2 vitamin C tablets.  The rap music we have playing sounds amazing to my ecstasy-infused ears, but my mindset is still pretty sober.  Usually, it hits me harder, but I had a full stomach and had just done ecstasy the night before.
1883	3	a	Finally, Sam and another friend whom we will call Lauren arrive.  Michael, Don, and I are standing outside my car, I'm half-dancing to the music, trying desperately to get the ecstasy to kick in.  It obviously hasn't yet though, as I'm somewhat cold towards Lauren, I don't particularly like this girl while I'm sober.
1884	3	a	I'm driving everyone to a park nearby.  We all like to trip in parks, the sunshine and fresh air always make for good experiences.  The ecstasy is really kicking in, it's difficult to drive not because of my altered state of mind but because my legs are fuzzy and twitchy.  I almost orgasm from the vibrations of the car as I drive.  [Erowid Note: 
1885	3	a	Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. Don't do it!] 
1886	3	a	As soon as we get to the park, Michael hurts himself.  His collarbone was already fractured, so he was in a lot of pain.  The ecstasy enhances the compulsion to take care of him in a doting, maternal sort of way.  He lays his head in my lap, and I talk him through it... although, looking back, talking probably didn't do much of anything for him.   
1887	3	a	After chilling out at this park for awhile, Samuel asks me if we can go talk alone for a few minutes.  This was his first time taking ecstasy, however he wasn't feeling much because he only took one pill and he weighs at least 170 lbs.  He sat there on the bench and couldn't exactly come up with something to say.  Finally, he said 'I'm scared to say anything, because all these things I want to say are so emotional and meaningful, and I never let myself say things like that'.  Though he was a first time user, he still caught on to the dangers of ecstasy.  It's too easy to say something you'll regret.
1888	3	a	I'm still rolling really hard.  I drive everyone to a lake nearby, because Lauren wants to go swimming.  Throughout the evening, I had really enjoyed this girl.  The thing that stuck out to me the most was that she put on my red lipstick.  Now, NONE of my girlfriends wear red lipstick, it's my trademark.  And so when Lauren put it on, I was absolutely overwhelmed by a feeling of sisterhood.  We were the only girls among a group of boys, and we were also the youngest ones of the group.  This tripped me out for a long time, and I decided that no matter what I would always treat Lauren like a sister.
1889	3	a	We drive back to our designated meeting spot to hang out for a few hours before Samuel and I crash.  Everyone is extremely happy.  This night has made me strongly believe in the existence of 'contact-highs', for if I had walked into the group without knowing we weren't all rolling, I would have sworn up and down that each one of us had taken ecstasy.  
1890	3	a	I'm still rolling a little, so I decide to go swimming.  The lake would normally be too dirty for my taste, but the water felt phenomenal.  It was one of those spiritual epiphany sort of moments, swimming in my underwear alone at night, I felt as though I had all I needed.  Of course, sober, I know I could not be happy for eternity swimming in a lake in my underwear, but at the moment it felt completely right.
1891	3	a	I drive myself home.  I'm beginning to crash now.  With most ecstasy, I find that I can sleep for a few hours if I lay down before I completely crash. So, after playing around on the computer, I fall asleep and wake up to cigarettes and ice water (the only thing I can manage to put in my stomach after taking E), and watch happy movies as to avoid the nasty depression I often fall into after a night's worth of ecstasy.
1892	3	a	All in all, taking ecstasy with friends for me was completely different than all my other experiences with the drug.  Taking it alone is introspective mostly, and taking it with a loved one is completely emotional.  Dropping E with friends seemed to be a happy medium, and was certainly worth experiencing.
1893	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1894	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1895	3	a	The pill: A small, rounded turquoise pill with a four-pointed star. Supposedly came out of San Diego, CA. A similar pill on ecstasydata.org out of San Francisco, CA was nearly pure ecstasy. Judging by the lack of unexpected side effect, the pill would seem to be reasonably pure.
1896	3	a	Body Chemistry prior to Ecstasy administration: I had eaten a moderately large meal about 2 hours before ingesting the pill. I do not take any medications. I had a very slight cold that day.
1897	3	a	The Set: I'm always a little anxious when using any drugs. Practice has given me the strength of will to cope with any mental quirks during the experience. I did not have any particular feelings for or against taking Ecstasy that night. I knew I would be in a controlled situation, A get-together of about 12-15 people. I was with a trusted friend who was also taking Ecstasty.
1898	3	a	The Setting: A get-together with 12-15 people. Most of them either took a gravity bong hit, were first time smokers, or had taken several shots. The host was ensured that he had created a safe space for everybody, people were encouraged to spend the night.
1899	3	a	The Experience: My friend and I approach drugs from a direction of experimentation, experience, and respect for their power. He has taken Ecstasy twice, I had never used it. We wanted a way to remain fairly lucid so we could guide the first time smokers, and make sure everyone felt comfortable, yet still have fun. After taking the Ecstasy about 10:30PM, we proceeded to go outside and set up the gravity bong. We both had a small taste of the marijuana (1 small hit off a pipe), but we wanted to make sure our experience was not tainted, so we could tell what the Ecstasy was doing. The Ecstasy hit my friend about 40 minutes after ingestion, he is a much lighter bodyweight, and he hadn't eaten prior to taking MDMA. His pupils were greatly enlarged, and he pursued conversation with great enthusiasm. Aware of his intoxication, he remained lucid the entire time.
1900	3	a	After reading that Ecstasy generally hits no later than 2 hours after ingestion, I was a bit disappointed when 12:30AM rolled around. The rest of the people wanted to smoke a little bit more, and I smoked with them, taking 3 bong (Not gravity bong) hits. Moderately feeling the cannabis, I followed the crowd up to a dark room with a great sounds system, and listened to 'The Dark Side of the Moon' for about 30 minutes.
1901	3	a	At approximately 1AM, I remember noticing that the cannabis was wearing off. Suddenly, I realized that my fingers were hurting. I looked at my hands to discover I was gripped the armrests of the chair I was in as hard as I could. The onset was extremely quick and unnerving, as it had been more than 2 and 1/2 hours since ingestion, I was not expected the Ecstasy to really do anything for me, especially since it hit my friend only 40 minutes after ingestion. I left the room, and my friend followed. Looking in the mirror, I noticed my pupils were dilated, but not to the amount that my friends were. Having a bit of an anxiety attack, my friend suggested that I lie down. I relaxed after talking with him for a bit, and he left the room after a few minutes. At this point I was able to focus on what I was feeling.
1902	3	a	The feeling of mixed euphoria/exhilaration was not an unusual feeling, except that it was continuous, as opposed to the short lasting excitement of a rollercoaster ride or similar experience. I had to leave the light in the room on, in the dark I felt like I did not have as much control over my thoughts as I did with the light. At this point, approx 30 minutes after this first 'high' feelings, I began to have hot/cold flashes, followed by shivering. It felt good to do repetitive, almost autistic movements with my hands, so I did. There were no visual distortions whatsoever. It was different than the cannabis in that for me, senses were not amplified, but I experienced everything through a window of euphoria. I went outside so I could experience it alone for a while. At that point, I was controlling the drug enough, that I'd though I'd test some effects and have a little fun.
1903	3	a	I was a rockstar! I played air guitar on the back porch for upwards of 10 minutes, singing to myself. At this point I had closed eye visuals of beautiful crystal lattice patterns melding into whatever I wanted them too. The most enjoyable however, was the physical movement. If I had had a Djembe drum or something at one point, I would've been in heaven, but I had to make do with imagining I was in a dream world. I used my body to slowly cut through the air. Anyone watching would have thought I was doing some funky Tai Chi or similar.
1904	3	a	After about 30-40 minutes of having fun outside, I came back in to discover that the party was winding down. The 1st time smokers were sounds asleep, and the nymphos had found their rooms. I sat on the stairs in the dark, and was joined by the host, my friend, and a couple of girls. The conversation was excellent. I thought someone might think it weird that I was vigorously rubbing the carpet, and my eyes were moving quick from place to place, but I guess it was too dark. After the conversation, I found a bed to sleep in at about 3:30 AM. I turned out the lights, and had a slight panic attack, but I talked myself out of it. Tired because of the cannabis, yet amped up because of the X, I found it incredibly frustration to try and sleep. I finally managed to about an hour later.
1905	3	a	I woke up about 8:30 AM. I felt amazingly fine, no hangover, no exhaustion. I got a ride home with my friend, and we talked about the similarities and contrasts of our two experiences. At 11:00 AM, I wrote this report.
1906	3	a	In Summary: I find Ecstasy to be a tad boring. It is a very physical drug, and I take drugs mainly for intellectual purposes. Ecstasy has its place: for young people either at raves, or some venue where the physical nature can be enjoyed, or for young people interested in a stronger drug experience, but not confident to take a drug like LSD/Psilocybin which takes more mental control and curiosity to have a good time. Ecstasy forces me into the Euphoria, which could be beneficial to those who have second doubts about hard drugs that would otherwise cause them to have a bad trip. The only thing that irritated me was that it fooled me, because it came on much later than the standard time frame, I was not expecting it. I believe the late onset time was a combination of my bodyweight, the fact that I had eaten recently, and that the initial effects were probably hidden by the cannabis.
1907	3	a	To drug users looking for a deeper insight into altered states, I would suggesting finding a source of quality Ecstasy, and trying it once to 'get it under your belt', but other than that, stick to exotic plant drugs and hallucinogens. To others looking for an amplified party experience, quality Ecstasy is the way to go.
1908	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1909	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Large Group (10+) (19)
1910	3	a	I was in las Vegas for a music festival.  I had never done E before, but I had been eating/blowing Mali all day.  At the time, I had no idea the normal dosage, so I was pretty much doing it like coke.  When my bag was out, someone handed me an E pill.  It started as the classic first roll experience as far as I've heard.  The music was incredible.  Someone gave me a backrub while listening to arcade fire, someone gave me glowsticks at the Widespread Panic show, I've never been happier.
1911	3	a	There's a few blank spots in my mind, but I know I ended up back at my hotel room and someone handed me another bag of Mali and told me he was a licensed massage therapist who had studied for years in India and to blow the bag and I'd get a massage.  After walking for days, the massage probably would've felt wonderful, but on top of the drugs, I figured out why they call it Ecstacy.  
1912	3	a	We hit the town and suddenly I started to trip balls.  I've done a lot of acid, done some mescaline, eaten some crazy shrooms, and never tripped this hard in my life.  All the trees became people with their faces painted gold with crazy costumes on.  I honestly didn't know the difference between reality and my hallucinations.  My cigarette smoke became solid people that I would have to ask someone I knew was real if they were real or not.  The entire time, it didn't bother me.  Even though I didn't know the people I was hanging out with, I knew they had tripped before and didn't think I was crazy.  I still had never been happier.  I remember asking one person if he had a book written on his arm in strange heiroglyphics, when I realized everyone had those strange patterns all over them, I apologized to him and explained I had eaten a lot of drugs and was hallucinating.
1913	3	a	I also remember walking down one road and saying 'We can't go down this street, it's too shady.'  I was told there was no one on the street but us.  I tried to ignore the tree people, but peered hard at all the people lining the streets in benches, none of them happy, all staring into space, waiting for something.  As we passed them they would vanish in my peripheral vision.  That was the only time I got a little freaked out.
1914	3	a	I've never heard of anyone having these visions just from E.  I know the shit we were getting was good and didn't have anything else in it.  [Erowid Note: 
1915	3	a	While it may be that the substance described is pure MDMA, Ecstasy/Molly tablets and powders are notoriously impure, misrepresented, or adulterated. Ecstasy sold in retail contexts such as festivals or parties often contain chemicals other than MDMA.]    Everyone I was with had the same stuff, but they had all rolled before and didn't hallucinate like I did.
1916	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1917	3	a	MDMA (3) : Festival / Lg. Crowd (24), General (1)
1918	3	a	Apart from the MDMA which I consumed at about 1:15 AM, I had been smoking a steady stream of marijuana since about 7. I have IBS and am on 100mg tabs of Amitriptyline every night (Amitriptyline is Elavil, a tricyclic antidepressant. The effects of MDMA with tricyclics has not been extensively researched, so I wanted to post this as an account of my experience.
1919	3	a	After taking the pill, my first instinct was to take a shower. It felt great, but I wasn't really feeling the pill yet by the time I was done (about 20 minutes). I dried off, threw some clothes on, grabbed my trusty MP3 player, tossed on my boots, and walked out into the late spring night.
1920	3	a	It felt great to be walking, like it took no energy at all, or maybe like I just had plenty of energy to spare. I don't get out much, so normally I get sore before long. The 'pain' in my hips that was slowly rising after a few hours of walking actually felt kind of good. This could have been some sort of interaction with the amitriptyline, as another use for it is a low to medium strength pain killer and CNS depressant.
1921	3	a	I walked down by the old lighthouse near the Yacht club and walked out almost all the way. There was what I believe to be a skunk that I noticed scurrying away ahead of me. It didn't bother me, and I kept walking. After a while, I saw the small dark figure coming back toward me, and it kind of freaked me out. Instead of let it get to me, I just turned around and walked back toward the bike path.
1922	3	a	Whenever I encountered a single pedestrian (there was a festival going on so there are drunks out for most of the night), I was OK, but I got nervous around multiple strangers. It felt like they knew, even though I knew they didn't.
1923	3	a	I was expecting the usual sensory craziness associated with shrooms and other psychoactives, but instead of feeling fucked up, I felt great!
1924	3	a	I walked all the way around downtown, eventually purely in the interest of finding something to drink. I found nothing, but it didn't bother me until I was about 3 blocks from home. I felt dehydrated, my throat was dry, and I felt like if I did anything else without drinking something I would throw up, or maybe collapse. The feeling did not worsen, and I got home and let the dogs out with no problem.
1925	3	a	As I had a thin layer of sweat covering my body, I grabbed a cold Mountain Dew and cranked the central air. I then sat down here at about 4:45 to start writing this. I am most assuredly still under the influence of all three drugs ingested (one being the amitriptyline which doesn't seem to affect me in the 'fun' way anymore). I think if anything the CNS depressant effects enhanced the MDMA high and they combined for a great experience.
1926	3	a	I feel the overwhelming urge to go pet the dogs now, so I will end this log. Thanks!
1927	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1928	3	a	MDMA (3), Pharms - Amitriptyline (165), Cannabis (1) : General (1), Various (28)
1929	3	a	It was Friday afternoon, and I was getting a phone call from Mike. He asked if I was doing anything later that night, and seeing as how I said no, he asked a favor of me. He asked if I would be willing to drive him, Lyle and Daniel, all good friends from high school band, to the movie theater so they could see Charlie and the Chocolate Factory while they tripped shrooms. I agreed, on the condition that they smoked me out really well so I could put up with them in that state.
1930	3	a	Almost immediately after I got off the phone with Mike, I got a call from Stan, a friend from college that the other guys hadn't met yet. He had been asking me for a while if I could get him some shrooms and trip with him for his first time, and tonight he said he was in the right mindset, and had the money. I told him how I had already told Mike and the other guys I would babysit them. Stan then suggested that we just get really stoned so that way I'm not 'alone' while I'm looking after three guys in another universe.
1931	3	a	I then called Mike and told him to forget smoking me out because Stan was going to be getting some good pot. Mike asked if he Daniel and Lyle could come over and smoke instead, because the shrooms fell through at the last moment. I told them to come on over and that way they could meet my friend Stan. Before long I had all four of these guys over, and we were trying to get our hands on some dank. While hunting down some dank, Stan happened to call someone trying to get rid of seven rolls. He asked if we were interested, and we all looked at each other (having never tried X before) and enthusiastically said yeah.
1932	3	a	Forgetting all about smoking, we went to get the pills. On the way Marcus (good friend, and raver) called me and asked what I was up to. I told him the whole story, and he asked if he could join because for some strange reason he felt like rolling from the second he woke up that morning. I said sure, seeing as how we were getting 2 more hits than we needed. When we got back with the pills that were blue and had imprints of little bears on them, we couldn't wait and each swallowed one half at about 11:30 pm.
1933	3	a	Before long my roommate Rob got home. Rob and I had been having a lot of issues with each other for the past few months, and I was afraid his presence might ruin my experience. In any case he asked what all of us were doing, and after we explained he asked if he could join. Rob is an alcoholic, but rarely smokes pot let alone does anything else. Stan, being good friends with Rob, immediately gave him his extra half.
1934	3	a	An hour after swallowing a half each, nothing was happening. Me and Lyle were beginning to get pissed thinking we threw away $17 on a placebo. So naturally we all chewed up the other half except Rob, who took another fourth and gave his extra fourth to Daniel. Almost instantly Marcus gets up and walks off in an obvious state of euphoria, soon followed by Stan, Mike and Lyle. Daniel, Rob and myself are left on the couch playing video games beginning to get a little impatient, when suddenly I feel this intense surge of pleasure working its way up from my legs through my chest and then my face. I tell Daniel and Rob that I'm gonna go find everyone else because I think I'm starting to roll. I find everyone outside, some sitting in their cars listening to techno (Marcus) and some wandering down the street (Mike and Stan). When I catch up with Mike and Stan I suddenly feel very connected to them, and when I look at them I know they are thinking the same thing.
1935	3	a	We wander around for a bit, admiring the awe-inspiring beauty of nature, and finally decide to go back to the house to see how everyone else is doing. We all convene on my back porch and sit at the table and have a smoke. I notice Rob is missing, and ask Lyle where he went. He said 'I think he went to his room, but I know he's rolling.' 'How do you know that,' I asked. 'Look at the beer Rob couldn't finish,' Lyle said. About that time Rob steps outside with the biggest smile I've ever seen a man have. He sits down and joins us in smoking.
1936	3	a	We start reminiscing about times past, and then proceed to discuss every single thing that we've ever been pissed at each other about. I tell Mike that I know there was a lot of competition between us in high school because we were competing trumpet players in an award winning marching band, and apologize for it. Rob apologizes to me, Mike, Lyle and Daniel because he went to a rival high school from ours, and while he was there managed to help our rivalry make midstate news. Rob and I apologize to each other for all of the shit that had been going down between us in the past month. As the conversation went deeper, and more apologies were made, I could feel the drug getting stronger and stronger with each kind word said. Finally when every problem got worked out, it was like there was an explosion of pleasure within me. It was so strong that I had to get up and walk by myself to preserve the moment in my head.
1937	3	a	When I returned from my walk I found Stan, Marcus, and Daniel in Marcus's car listening to music. I joined them and noticed Daniel was talking about something really strange. After sitting in there for a while with my eyes closed, I sensed something wasn't the way it was supposed to be. I had visuals, and realized that's what Daniel was describing. I listened more to what Daniel was saying, and guessed that that little bit more that he had from the rest of us, really fucked with his head. He thought we were driving on the interstate, and that we hit a cat. However we were sitting in the driveway the whole time.
1938	3	a	The music we were listening to in Marcus's car wasn't doing much for me, so I went to my car and popped in a live Phish album. After listening to a 17 minute Harry Hood, I took a deep breath and went back to the house, where everyone was visibly crashing. No one looked happy anymore, and I could feel the euphoria fading as well. We agreed to do this again sometime, and after a final cigarette, said our goodbyes, and passed out in our respective beds.
1939	3	a	The next day I woke up in one of the best moods of my life, except the irritating jaw clench I was having. I ran into Rob, and shook his hand, and we both agreed that's what we were needing. I talked to Daniel on the phone that day, and he told me that he was walking in the park, because he was still rolling, a full 14 hours after taking his first half.
1940	3	a	This was three nights ago, and we are already planning on doing this again at a concert in three days. It is an experience that for me went beyond the mental realm of most drugs, and is something I will most definitely be doing on a few occasions in the future.
1941	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1942	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Music Discussion (22), Relationships (44), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1943	3	a	I am writing this report the day after rolling, which was Friday, June 11th, 2005. I choose to write this now as the memory is still very fresh on mind.
1944	3	a	It all started at midnight. My best friends had called me and they were going to roll that night, and really wanted me to do it with them. I had a 'blue dolphin' pill which I had bought while in a house club for $20. The general rule is the more you pay, the more likely you are to get the real thing, and not some dirty pill. I got picked up around 12.30AM, and while in the car, I took my bean with some water, and said, 'And so it begins. And so it begins.' They had already taken their tablets and said they were feeling really good right then.
1945	3	a	As we arrive at my friend's apartment, I got out of the car, and got an unusually strong headrush, and was a bit dizzy walking to the door with blanket, strobe light, and bag full of glowsticks, strings, and cd's. It was 5 of us. 2 guys, and 3 girls. I immediately turned on the radio, as in Tampa, there are underground hard house radio shows on Friday's and Saturday nights, that play really amazing music specially for blowing up. When the show's only MC says every 30 minutes in a very very deep electronic voice, 'The X Factory, Rooollllllllsssssszzzz, on [radio frequency #]'. 
1946	3	a	So, I set up the strobe, get the glowsticks ready, get the water ready, and the music going, we all go out for a smoke. I don't smoke so I just went out with them. It was about 30-45 minutes after I took my blue dolphin, and the feeling was gradually building up, but as of then, I really only had a buzz. But, the cigarette smoke launched me into an overwhelming feeling. A rush hit me, everything began to feel really really good. Breathing was great in itself!! It had hit, and I was vocal about it. 'Guys, it's hit me. Its f***in hit me. Oh my god. This feels soooo good. I can't stand up anymore, I'm going inside.'
1947	3	a	I stumbled inside and laid on a blanket. Then one of the girls laid down next to me, and we began to touch each other everywhere. But, it was nothing sexual for me. I wasn't turned on at all. I just had to touch. And I had to be touched back. Everything felt so good. It was almost like an orgy in a way, but non-sexual for me at least. I very rarely get horny on X. My other friend(girl) joined us, and they weren't touching each other, but one was touching me, and I was touching both of them. 
1948	3	a	Unfortunately, everybody except me took a dirty pill. So, at most, they felt good, and relaxed, but were way below the level I was at. There was a tropical storm Arlene going by us and it was raining outside. They wanted to go to a jacuzzi, and they begged me to go with them. I was in the most strongest part of my ecstacy, and I begged them not to go. I was NOT going to get wet. I didn't want to get wet. I didn't want to leave the apartment. So, I told them to go and I would stay.
1949	3	a	When they left, I knew I should start drinking water every 15 minutes. One sip, one spit, one sip. When I was done, the music grabbed control of me, and I couldn't sit back down. I had to express myself. I grabbed some glowsticks and began dancing to trance and hardhouse. Nothing heavy, I was just moving rythmically to music, and doing liquid (one stick follows the other). I was also pacing up and down the studio apartment. I took my shirt off, and began rubbing my body against the wall and walking along it, while at the same time moving rythmically to the music with the glowsticks. It felt so good. AMAZING is all I can say. It was better than anything I had ever tried or experienced before in my life. Alcohol, Weed, Coke, Shrooms, this was 100% better than all of them combined. I was by myself and having the time of my life. The best night of my life. 
1950	3	a	There was a dog there. I poured out my soul to that dog. About a lot of things. My frustration with my parents, and the my feelings of being held in a prison at home, even though I was 18, my mum was still trying to run the day-to-day aspects of my life, like my job and things that really aren't anybodies business but my own. I especially vented at the fact that my mum talked to my boss and told my boss that I wanted more hours. 'Yo dog, I said, if I want more f***in hour, I'll ask my own f***in boss my own damn self. DAMN.' 
1951	3	a	I stood in front of the strobe light and looked at the floor, I moved the glowsticks around my eyes which made me stumble a lot. I finally grabbed my hair and moved side-to-side to the music, with my eyes rolled back in head (that's why they call it rolling), and I was like that until my friends came back 15 minutes later, and as they were practically sober, they laughed at me, but I didn't care. I still loved them. I wanted to hug them and touch them. I've heard of same-sex touching and feeling while on X, but I never once thought about touching the other dude. Even on X, I wasn't going to act gay-like or anything. 
1952	3	a	I laid down with one of my friends and I began to touch her everywhere again, and she liked it, but she wasn't blowing up like I was, and so she was just relaxing and enjoying it. It was now 3AM, and I still was going really strong 2.5 hours after first taking my tab. I got up and put in a cd by underground trance producer/DJ San Martin that I bought in a little store in Miami. Real underground trancey tribal stuff. And OH MY GOD, it intensified my rush. That night is the night I learned how to dance to trance. Before, I only listened to it, now for whatever reason, I know how to move my body to it. And move it good. For two hours, I danced, not heavy dancing, but wavy, rythmic, slow movements with glowsticks in my hands. The glowsticks were amazing to look at. Even though I was moving them, the trails they made almost made me fall down a couple times. This with the strobe light in combination and then watching the other dude glowstring, I was in heaven. I was in ecstacy. AMAZING amazing feeling. I did this for two hours.
1953	3	a	One of the girls had fallen asleep, and people started lying down and closing their eyes. I was disappointed that they weren't feeling what I was feeling. All throughout the night, I was talkative. Talking talking talking, I couldn't stop. I poured out some feelings to the dog, and I poured out my soul to my best friends. Everything I didn't say, or kept to myself now came out. About people that pissed me off, but I kept to myself, and shit that I wanted to say to some people, but would never, as in, cussing somebody out or telling someone to shut their f***ing mouth but couldn't because it would escalate drama or I was in the classroom. It was 5AM, and I was just talking and talking. 3 of them couldn't sleep and were wide-awake yet tired, and one was asleep. So, I must say, from 5AM - 6.30AM, I think I had the best conversation I've ever had with anyone. 
1954	3	a	Around 6AM, I was coming down. And coming down hard. My stomach was beginning to bother me. Since I was drinking a lot of water, I was having to use the bathroom every 15 minutes or so and that was making me irritated. I could see it start to get light outside, and I became so disappointed that my night was over. It was over. And I wasn't going to do this for at least another month. I became so sad at that thought. I turned the strobe off because it now was making me feel bad, and I finally laid down, but I was hot, very hot, but I was sweating only a little bit. I put in some deep trance, a Marcus Schultz Miami trance, and that helped me out some. But the other dude wasn't tired at all, so I kept talking to him. I was beginning to feel really bad now. It was 7AM. As the other dude was talking I said, 'Bro, not to offend you, but I can't talk anymore.' Just talking made my stomach feel bad. But I told him to keep talking anyways and that I was listening. 
1955	3	a	Crashing really sucks. I started seeing hallucinations when I shut my eyes. I play this computer game called Starcraft a lot. And I had played it earlier the day before. When I shut my eyes. The game was playing, and I could see it. I really really did not want to see what I was seeing, and I was really irritated by it. It wasn't until later I was able to finally close my eyes and not see this game playing in my head, and passed out for about 30 minutes. I get up 30 minutes later to pee, and I still have this rush. I'm tired, yet my heart is still beatin rapidly and I'm breathing heavy still. I just wanted it to end. On top of that, my stomach was really quesy. Around 9AM, I just got up and paced back and forth for an hour, bitching about how bad I felt. I felt horrible. 
1956	3	a	Around 10.30AM, it was time to go home. I was still 50% blowing up but in a bad way. I just wanted it to end. In the car, the wind really calmed me and put me at ease. When I got home, I went straight to my room, but on some Armin Van Buuren trance, and tried to go to sleep. I was at ease that I was finally in my room and my own bed alone. I was still hot so I slept naked without any blankets and the room was 68F. I fell asleep soon after and woke up at 7PM, 3 hours before I wrote this report. I feel much better than before, though I'm fatigued, really chilled out, no appetite, haven't eaten since 9PM yesterday night and I really don't feel like eating. 
1957	3	a	In conclusion, it was the best experience of my entire life. Never have I ever felt that way, and rarely will I ever will. I let everything out. All my problems, all my thoughts, everything I kept to myself all came out. I feel free'er than ever before. I learned to dance to trance. I learned to just dance. I learned why people take their shirts off in the club. Because I did the same thing early in my high. And lastly, I connected on a much higher level to trance music. It's now on an entirely new level with me. And electronic music in general. I love it. It's my life.
1958	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1959	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Hangover / Days After (46), Music Discussion (22), Glowing Experiences (4), General (1)
1960	3	a	This was my first time trying E.  I had had a very long and hard week with work.  I had been waking up around 6:00 am every morning to drive to D.C. to haul monitors around until about 2:00 pm.  The weekend came and I was looking forward to relaxing a bit, which usually meant getting drunk somewhere.  That particular night there was nothing going on, so I ended up going to bed early.  The next day (Saturday) I woke up around 10:00am and hung out with my friend until about 5:00pm when he had to leave to go to a work related party.  So I went home and sat around waiting for something to do.  My friend, Stoner is what we called him, talked to me over the net and said he was getting some E pills that night and it slightly sparked my interest, but I wasn't 100% on taking it.  I figured I'd wait to see if there was anything else happening then I'd decide.  Well 10:00pm rolled around and nothing was happening so I let Stoner know that I would enjoy rolling with him.  He told me to pick him up  around 11:00pm so we could go pick the pills up.
1961	3	a	Getting the pills was a semi-complicated process, which involved picking up a drunk kid to give us directions to the kid's house who was selling it to us.  We picked up 3 pills, and as a nice gesture I dropped the kid off 20 minutes away.  He had popped a pill when he got in my car and by the time we had gotten to the destination his pupils had gotten huge, and he became extremely talkative, I noticed that he had called an ex-girlfriend and was trying to explain the mechanics of their relationship in one of the nicest ways I've ever heard.  Stoner and I walked him into the house he was staying at, he walked around feeling the carpet and kept making a girl rub his face.  This heightened my curiosity in taking the pill.  I drove home and picked up a Gatorade on the way back to my house and took the pill with the drink right before going into my house.  My original gameplan was to hang out in my basement and watch some movies and play some video games.  I wasn't aware of the intense feelings, and for some reason I just planned it out as if I were smoking some cannabis.  It was about 2:00am by the time we had taken the pills and gotten down my basement.  Within 20 minutes Stoner noticeably starting feeling it, he continually petted the pillows in my basement, and petted my cat.  His desire to hold a conversation increased greatly although the content of the conversations consisted of 'TIMMMAH! YOU FEELING IT?'.  
1962	3	a	Time passed and it was about 3:00am and I still was not feeling anything, if anything I was becoming tired.  I was waiting for my brother to go upstairs to bed before I would say anything about it though. Around 3:10 my brother went upstairs to bed and I told Stoner that I still wasn't feeling any effects.  He offered to cut the last pill in half and split it.  I took the half and sat down and played counter-strike for about 15 minutes, around then I noticed myself rubbing the top of my legs and thinking it felt good.  I looked in the mirror and noticed my pupils were huge.  Stoner had noticed and suggested that we go for a walk because we were both getting very talkative and antsy.  This was around 3:30 and it took us about 10 minutes to get out of my basement because we both kept feeling stuff and the stimulation it gave us.
1963	3	a	We decided to walk up the street to royal farms and buy some cigarettes and gum.  The walk was amazing, I felt extremely euphoric.  I was feeling extremely happy and just started looking around everywhere.  This was mid January and there was wind warning that night.  It was extremely cold but I remember not being cold at all outside.  We got to Royal Farms and I decided I would walk in and get the cigarettes because I convinced Stoner and myself that I could 'act sober'.  Immediately as I walked into  the store a wave of heat hit me and it felt wonderful, I also noticed the lighting in the store to be extremely bright, glowing almost.  I stood in the middle of the store and just said 'wooooooow'.
1964	3	a	I approached the counter bought the cigarettes and while the cashier went behind him to get the cigarettes, I noticed myself stroking the counter. I got out of there and convinced Stoner that it 'felt like heaven, and we're not leaving until you go in and buy something'. He did and agreed that it was amazing.  We then decided to walk to a pier on the water front about 5-7 miles away.
1965	3	a	We began our trip and I noticed I was feeling even better, I began smoking cigarettes non-stop. I believe we finished the pack of 20 within an hour.  We walked down alleys picking up poles spinning them, we hopped in yards and jumped on a trampoline.  I had the overwhelming urge to run, and we did, we sprinted and it was amazing it was as if all my muscles worked to their full capacity. Even with a cigarette in my mouth I was able to breath so smoothly and not get tired. I randomly tried to slam dunk on Basketball nets that loomed in the alley, we hurdled trash cans and finally stopped at this garage.  I decided that I was going to climb on its' roof.  We got on the roof and just laid on it letting our feet hang off.  The slanting of the roof and gravity felt very very good. Within minutes I decided to light up another cigarette and jump off the roof.  We continued down the alley randomly sprinting here and there.  Somewhere along the line I got the feeling that I had super strength, and decided to pull a 'Slow, Children At Play' sign out of the ground.  I did it with ease and felt extremely positive about myself. The walk was filled with praise from both of us, I contiually high-fived stoner for endorsing this night.  The alley ended into a road that had a turn closed for construction, and we stopped to play around on the construction equipment.  We both had a mischievous streak and decided we would put cones across the road to see if people were smart enough to get out and move them.  We waited in the grass as car after car approached the cones, some skidding, and turning around.  We found some paint and painted random sayings into the dirt, and then we placed a the road closed sign from the closed street onto the high way which only was separated from the residential street by a jersey wall.  We continued walking to our destination after that but stopped to bang on a door and run.
1966	3	a	We hopped into a yard and went into a shed, we found a can of spray paint, paint thinner, and gasoline and took them.  We came up onto the vocational school in the area and spraypainted ridiculous phrases on the wall.  Sayings that were really only funny to him and I.  We turned the corner of the school as we went to leave the grounds and spotted a police cruiser parked with all of its lights off in the parking lot.  With a bit off fear we hid the gas, spray paint and paint thinner out of view.  We walked around and found the shoreline, I emptied the gasoline can and paint thinner onto the beach which was mostly rocks.  I light the gasoline and it lit up the area and we bolted down the beach.  We wandered through yards and eventually made it to the pier that was our destination.  We sat and talked about personally stuff for about an hour, we talked about what a night it had been and that we were glad we did it.  It was about 5:45-6:00 when we decided to walk back.  The way back was filled with serious talks that bonded the two of us a little more.  We both brang up old memories as we made our way back to my house to sleep.  We got back in around 8:00am. Exhausted and not rolling anymore, we laid down.  Stoner was able to fall asleep right away and slept for about 4-5 hours.   However, I was unable to sleep. I watched movies till stoner woke up in which we got something to eat and just laid around all day.
1967	3	a	The day-after wasn't anything as bad as a hangover for me.  It just felt as if I played a sport the day before, although my right knee was extremely sore and I had numerous cuts and splinters in my hand.
1968	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1969	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), General (1)
1970	3	a	I've been using E since the summer of my freshman year, I have rolled about 26 times up to this point. I'm now 18 years old and close to graduating and attending a local college. I bought a pill tester off of the and verified that these pills contained some form of MDXX, the purity however couldn't be determined. There were 8 of us, 1 would be drinking, I would take 2 rolls and some Xanax after the comedown, the rest would be on E with a combination of weed, x10 extract of salvia, and 2 grams of mushrooms.
1971	3	a	This wasn't the most profound roll of my life, but it was a very good vibe and we all felt comfortable at my house which is in a rural location with lots of trees and open fields to roam about in. I find a natural setting is the best place to be when rolling, the sense of being part of humanity is so much greater than being at a rave. As the onset came, I felt the usual tingling sensation on my skin, which gradually led to a warm and comforting euphoria and openness I can't normally achieve sober. All my fears and anxieties were stripped away, I felt connected with everything around me, and found a serenity and peace I've come to know with each roll.
1972	3	a	My friends were tripping pretty hard, they compared it to 2c-e only with a greater euphoria. One was communicating with what he thought were spirits in my backyard. He was so sure of himself that they were real and explained their significance and that they weren't any sort of hallucination. He handled his trip really well, and told me he could see a halo around the area we were sitting. Another one of my friends felt my parrot was talking to him every time he had his back turned, it wasn't a verbal communication of any kind but by this time I was concentrating on the person drinking next to me.
1973	3	a	I went out with this girl for nearly 3 years, it took me a whole year of emotional and physical energy to get over our breakup. The E brought back feelings that were dormant, feelings that I preferred remain buried and gone. I had her next to me the entire night, holding her, and talking to her with an articulateness I can't usually pull off. I had my head next to hers, and every time I breathed in, it filled me with energy, euphoria ,and a familiar calm and conviction that everything was okay. When she left at 7 in the morning, I was overcome with a strong hangover and slight depression, my after glow was destroyed.
1974	3	a	I'm back to normal, confused about my feelings, because sometimes E can be a little deceptive and hard to figure out. Were those feelings genuine, or was it a byproduct of my 'loved up' state? I still have to figure that out and while E helps to sort out alot of my problems in an unclouded mindset, this time it brought on a few complications.
1975	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1976	3	a	MDMA (3) : Relationships (44), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1977	3	a	I have experimented with all the drugs I have ever wanted or planned on trying and I had done ecstacy but just half a pill while driving around with friends.  I recently met some really cool people in my dorm who I smoke pot with frequently.  I have ALWAYS wanted to go to a rave, I feel like raves are our generation's counter culture, our great attempt to find truth through drugs and music and dance.  My very cool new friends invited me to go a rave with them last night.  I was so excited but nothing could have prepared me for the actual experience.
1978	3	a	We made a long trip on two buses out to an unfamiliar area in our city and found our way to the tattoo parlor where they were holding the Rave.  When I first walked in the place I was visually blown away, black lights everywhere with huge florecent hearts dangling from the ceiling the music made my rib cage shake and there were people dancing in beautiful outfits that were colorful and unique.  There were glow sticks everywhere swirling and spinning.  There was another room packed with couches and pillows.
1979	3	a	We talked to a few people and managed to track down all the pills we needed.  This boy took me out to his car to get my pill and as he was getting it the cops cruised by and started asking a bunch of questions which gave me a nasty jolt.  The pill he offered me was white powder inside a gelcap.  I swallowed it with a few large gulps of orange juice as the acidity supposable magnifies the effects.  We chilled out in the garden out back where smoking was allowed and there was a bubble machine and black lights and heaters.  I began to feel the tell tale tingles up and down my arms and the anxiety in my stomach.  I felt like a shooting star just going up and up and up.  My whole body was tingling with pleasure and finally we went back into the warm rave and the music was pounding and I began to dance with wild, blissful compulsion.
1980	3	a	Seeing all the other bodies moving with so much energy in time to the music filled me with the most intense joy.  I felt part of some huge beautiful piece of art.  The music was tearing a whole in my chest so intense was my joy.  I sat on the couches for awhile and cuddled and then we had gum and vics vapor rub and mentholated nose sniffers which we blew in each others eyes.  As the high began to wear off of its peak a friend and I split another pill, this time a purple pressed will with a star on it.  We bit it in half and then crunched it up in our mouths even though it tasted nasty because we wanted the drug to hit our system as soon as possible.  We danced some more to the point where we couldn't stop, it was muscle memory.
1981	3	a	We found a highlighter pen on the floor and began to draw patterns all over each other.  Highlighter in black light on skin is the most beautiful thing ever.  The lines and patterns winked and wiggled at me.  Soon we were all covered with highlighter over every exposed part of our bodies.  We danced together in a circle of beauty.  We got a ride home to our friends apartment around 5 am.  We smoked tons of weed and danced some more.  At 7am we went for a walk to starbucks for coffee.  We were covered in highlighter that had turned a yucky yellow in the daylight.  My hair was dyed bright blue and styled into two buns with glow sticks sticking out to them.  We all had beads and braclets and glowy thingys and we walk into the starbucks and there is like Mozart playing in the starbucks and me and this girl start rave dancing to Mozart.  The atmosphere was just so good, we had all bonded during that night and felt more comfortable in each other presents than we probably are with our families. 
1982	3	a	All in all I think ecstasy is a wonderful drug if used sparingly.  I wouldn't want to roll every weekend but once every couple months is probably what everyone in the world could use.  Also, so far I haven't experienced any crash.  The come down was nearly as pleasant as actually rolling.  I had a nice time sitting around reflecting about the night with a close group of friends.  I also think sitting around and chatting and getting cozy with friends after a night of rolling is one of the best things to do.
1983	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1984	3	a	MDMA (3) : Rave / Dance Event (18), Glowing Experiences (4), General (1)
1985	3	a	Well, here is where I learned more about myself than ever before. I had tried acid (1.5 blotter) 2 months prior to this experience and loved absolutely everything about it. I also discovered that often on psycodelic drugs (acid/mush/mescaline) my mind creates images that are designed to frighten me. However it seems that anytime these frightening images would appear it would just only take me deeper into the most blissful parts of the different drugs it has happened on. Occasionally I would delve deep into these scary euphorias, but if it ever became overwhelming I could simply turn on a few lights and everything would return to normal. I think I also may react much more to shadows than light.
1986	3	a	I had obtained 4 pills from my girlfriend who had left them for me and my most unique friend ever. We weren't sexual with each other at all but we would always make it clear that we were the same person in different bodies. We loved each other like birth brothers. He will henceforth be known as CG. We had each dropped a 1.5 parachute and snorted a .5 of blue ferrari pills. Dosing more than one blue ferrari always causes hallucinations for me. I had turned off all the lights for this occasion and had more than 80 tea lights all set up to light the huge apartment (which I didn't deserve). It was absolutely perfect.
1987	3	a	The trip was very normal until about 2.5 hours in. Normal meaning my usual feelings on a strong pill. Being with a best friend helps too of course. We had spent the night just shooting the breeze, listening to music, watching the i-tunes visualizer naked, wrapped only in blankets. A very wonderful time.
1988	3	a	The amazing part of the trip lasted from 2.5 hours in to 4 hours after that. I have a bad habit when I'm on ecstasy. I love to sit in the bath. I of course make the water very hot but I open the window and stand up to cool off very frequently. CG and I decided to hit the bath. My apartment at the time had an enormous bath tub. We sat in the tub together as if it were totally normal smoking our cigarettes and talking about our respective love lives. When all of a sudden I looked towards CG. Half his face was shaded. As I stared into the dark half of his face it all of a sudden leaped towards me and started to morph into some huge purple monster/demon face. I started laughing histerically despite my fear. CG started asking me what was the matter. I threw myself towards him and hugged him so I could no longer see his face and told him simply that 'He was a monster'.
1989	3	a	I don't think I had ever felt so good. The experience sent my heart rate through the roof (a+++). I for some reason still trusted this monster faced man and kindly asked him to turn the lights on. When he did everything went straight to a normal E feeling again. I became intrigued by this bath tub experience and found that in the correct darkness I could achieve it as often as I pleased. Eventually (3.75 hours in) I was frightening myself again to go even deeper into this glee and stared into CGs eyes the same thing happened, but this time for him and me. We leapt apart from each other and quickly turned on all the lights in the apartment and spent the remaining time of our trip jamming on the guitar (me) and the bongo (CG) with the best E feeling I've ever had. Even better than my first trip.
1990	3	a	The come down was barely noticable. At least for me though. At the time I had been living with my girlfriend and so her constant presence always kept me glad. I find that a good way to keep myself feeling good after a trip is to spend a great deal of time with the people I love.
1991	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
1992	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
1993	3	a	Took approx. 100mg of pure MDMA in capsule form around 20.30 in Saturday evening in a relaxed home environment. We took it with the intention of 'opening up' and deepening friendship. We (4 guys, incl. me, +/- same body weight) had prepared the evening with a good selection of beers, some chewing gum (to keep our jaws busy) and a pack of cigarettes.
1994	3	a	We ate a heavy meal directly before ingesting the first capsule, so we were expecting the effect to come on slowly. Physical tells (sweaty hands, dry mouth) took effect about 30 / 40 minutes after ingestion. It wasn't until 22.15 that we really started noticing anything. 
1995	3	a	The second capsule (another 100mg) was taken shortly after, at 22.30. 
1996	3	a	The combined effect of both capsules became clear somewhere between 23.15 and 23.30. Conversation flowed freely, and we were all feeling great. It was exactly how we expected it to be. The effect was strongest between 23.30 and 01.30.
1997	3	a	Around 01.00 three of us took another 70mg's. Compared to one of us, who didn't take the third portion, there was absolutely no difference. Adding the third portion contributed nothing to the experience. By 02.00 the effect noticeable started to decrease. Around 03.00 it was completely gone. 
1998	3	a	I strongly prefer eating a good meal before ingestion, because I will get hungry during use if I don't, and it also slows / enlengthens the effect. Previously, I have been shocked by the sudden wave of disappointment when the effect ended. With this amount, it gradually decreased, leaving none of us dumbfounded as to where our newfound enlightenment had gone. 
1999	3	a	On the whole, a great experience. So far it is my most preferable drug.
2000	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2001	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2002	3	a	[Erowid Note: While it may be that the substance described below was PMA, the identification is speculative without more data to support it. Readers should be aware that this is more of a general Ecstasy report.]  
2003	3	a	I've had several experiences with PMA (apparently PDA is a term also used here in Belguim to describe what I think is the same substance). The most recent experience (I think) was at a small party organized by friends of a friend. Earlier that day I'd visited holland for 5gr high potent weed. (only 45min drive and lately it's worth it if I compare the herb's quality to what I'm getting here(Ghent)) by the evening I'd smoked an estimate of 3 joints. I think it's significant to mention that I smoke weed on a daily basis and have been for several years, resulting in a fairly high tolerance of the drug.
2004	3	a	The first dose of PMA was around 1.30h, 5 of us split 1gr of the crystalline PMA, so we each took about 200mg of it orally (in a small balled up rizla). It's important to mention here that we assumed it was MDMA, although knowing the risk of it being PMA existed, but in my opinion just choosing to ignore it at the time, badly seeking the MDMA rush. When we went back in (we took the PMA outside) I sat down  at the side, having been tired most of the day, thinking the MDMA euphoria would later push me enough to get up (I know, even if this had been genuine MDMA that it lacks the characteristic of being a true stimulant,it won't make the feeling of tiredness go away, but when combined with the right music it increases aprreciation to such a level that this is enough to deliver the needed energy). Instead I found myself laying there most of the night. I had the tendency to close my eyes, because in combination with the music (Goa, Psy-trance, dnb) this brought on the distinct euphoria feeling. But this feeling was very unstable, allowing me to slip into an anticlimax just moments after the euphoria, and then back into climax, back to anticlimax and so on..the needed energy didnt come but I must say most of the time laying there I was REALLY enjoying the music. My body temperature also had definite peaks but nothing as extreme as I've heard or read about (although on other occasions it has been more profound). 
2005	3	a	Round 6h I think it was, although I must say by this time I'd lost track of time, we left for a friends house. By this time almost all of the effects of the drug had worn off (as far as I could tell at the time). Some people were sitting/lying/tripping inside, some people enjoying the first sun (and a sandbox) outside. Everyone took some drinks (to make it easier, I'll just mention here that throughout everything described below I also drank about 4-5glasses of wine and smoked about 6-7 joints, although all of these where split with about 4 people). 
2006	3	a	About an hour after arriving there (again, this is an estimate), we crushed another gram of the PMA into fine powder for sniffing (we didn't want to sniff the big crystals, obviously.) We shared the gram between 3 of us. It's very important to mention that this gram was sniffed in a timespan of about 4-8h by the three of us, so it's not like we divided it in three and each sniffed a third at once (again, obviously..) The effect when sniffed is clearly different to oral ingestion. There are no clear peaks in the effect like I had before, but a constant effect that seemed to keep to the background. Also less teeth clenching than before. Especially later that day, I was very enthusiastic in conversation and social barriers (which are usually very well guarded.) Were mostly down, although this wasnt always very easy. On several occasions I completely forgot what I was saying when I got to about half the sentence. Other than that there were no overwhelming effects. By 4.00(for anyone who hasn't managed to keep up with the timescale, it's now 4o clock in the afternoon of the next day) most people started going home. I finished with a small amount of speed, although I must now admit that I was in no state remember anything about amounts, so I really cant give you much reliable info on that.. As far as I know the speed didnt affect my mental state in any way. 
2007	3	a	At 5o clock I arrived home, and from here on in everything is very hazy. I do remember an illness in my stomach later that evening, although this could just as well have been due to the alcohol combined with not eating in more than a day.  Later I fell asleep and slept VERY well, my brother did not succeed in waking me up (and I have to add that his failure was not due to any incompetence on his part) when he tried to do so only a few hours after I fell asleep. 
2008	3	a	I'm now doubting what the substance was. I'm pretty sure it wasn't true MDMA, I would've recognized the distinct feeling (although not having done it often, but I'm quite sure many would agree the feeling is distinct).I should also add that I did (mostly after the oral ingestion) experience an increased libido. I did recognize the PMA symptoms, but not as strongly as usual. This either means it wasn't PMA but a less dangerous alternative such as MDA, or it means that sniffing the drug decreases the unwanted effects of the dangerous PMA? 
2009	3	a	I repeat that the drug was in crystalline form, and not compressed into pills, so that it would have been easy to detect if it had been a mixture of more substances (or so I suspect).
2010	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2011	3	a	PMA (126), MDMA (3), Unknown (120) : Small Group (2-9) (17), General (1)
2012	3	a	This is kind of a 'non-trip' report, but I think it's worth sharing.  I thought I'd try 'plugging' an E (anal insertion) because of the supposedly higher absorbtion.  I'm moderately experienced with a wide range of drugs (K hole fun, Salvia not), but have only taken E twice before (both oral).  The first time could certainly be described as 'profound'.  I think you know what I mean.  Anyhow, I have a scale to gauge the E experience against.
2013	3	a	For the record, I tested one of the other pills in the same batch with my reagent kit, and it came out positive for the MDA group (includes MDMA).
2014	3	a	T+0: In a bit of a hurry, so just stuff it in to the second knuckle.  All comes out clean ;)  Go out for walk around town on a cool clear night.
2015	3	a	T+1h: Pop back home to grab some water and iPod.  Can see mild pupil dilation, feel virtually nothing.  Hmmm.  Annoyed.  Back out for more walking about town.
2016	3	a	T+1h30: Do I feel something?  Maybe, but this is no 'coming up'.  Just a mild colour and tactile enhancement, maybe.
2017	3	a	T+2h: This is crap.  The dissociative effect from an iPod and deep in-ear headphones is more profound than the E!  Suspect that the pill isn't being absorbed much.  Head home.
2018	3	a	T+2h30: OK, sorry 'bout this but it's in the name of science.  Get out some kitchen roll and do a crap on the floor.  Heh!  That's the problem!  I should have done a dump first, 'cos the pill is nicely embedded in you know what.  Extract remains of pill (about 1/3, a bit mushy), re-insert (waste not, want not).  Wash hands thoroughly.  Pupils are very dilated, however, despite weak effects.
2019	3	a	T+3h: A mild, gentle roll.  But I'm still not across that 'threshold' where the serotonin dam bursts.  Frustrating.  Very slow onset.  Body temperature all over the place.  Red glow from the bottom of my optical mouse in the dark room very nice!  Make more than the usual number of typos writing this, but can easily pass for straight (I think!).  None of the coming-up feeling or anxiety from oral administration -- just a gentle creeping upon you.  Music is nice but 'normal'.  But then Royksopp is pretty chill when sober too.  Could go to sleep if I wanted to, I think.
2020	3	a	T+3h20: Submit report.  I can tell this isn't going to go anywhere deeper.  Shame -- had high hopes!
2021	3	a	So what's the lesson?  Take a great big dump before you plug, because although it's a nice administration method, happy turds aren't the aim of the game.
2022	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2023	3	a	When I took my dose, I was already irritable and tired, most likely due to the half gram of cocaine I had the day before mixed with lack of sleep.  I, however, was looking forward to a good time with some friends and thought the MDMA would cheer me up and give me some energy. This was my third time experimenting with 'ecstasy.'  I have found that chemicals don't affect me in small doses: one pill usually gave me a slight body buzz and a very slight sense of euphoria, so I decided if I wanted to enjoy the experience I would start the night off with two pills this time.  I chose a night when everyone in my house was out of town, so I didn't have to worry about controlling myself around my family.  I took an hour long nap, and half an hour after waking, I took my ecstasy.
2024	3	a	I, in the past, have found the onset to be very long and frustrating.  From the time I take a pill to the time it affects me in a substantial way is usually an hour and a half to three hours.  This time, however, I was feeling the first waves within fifteen minutes.  I came to my peak very quickly.  The first thing I felt was the urge to move around.  I was pacing and my mood was lifted.  Within twenty minutes I felt like I was on top of the world.  My first thought was 'Yes! Finally! I can really feel it this time!'  I talked to people on the phone that I hadn't seen in years, I had the urge to go out and meet up with different people, I couldn't keep a thought in my head and my pupils began to dilate.  If I wasn't moving in some way, I would start to feel anxious and uneasy.  This was about thirty minutes into the experience.  I was apprehensive to let go of my inhibitions and enjoy the wonderful feelings at first, because no one else had taken MDMA that night, and I felt guilty because I was the only one who felt so incredible.
2025	3	a	Within about forty-five minutes, I felt restricted in my basement and decided to wander upstairs and enjoy the atmosphere of the rest of the house, since everything felt new and wonderful.  As soon as I started walking up the stairs, I experienced a floating, light-headed sensation.  My legs felt independent from my body, and almost felt as though they were sinking into the steps.  When I reached a hand forward to open the door, I noticed trails following my fingers.  When I stepped upstairs, I suddenly felt an overwhelming urge to vomit and/or faint.  I thought I must have taken too much.  I got nervous, thinking I was going to have to be taken to the hospital, because something was not right and it hit me so quickly.  I called downstairs to my friend, and my voice sounded distant and unfamiliar.  I decided that I just needed to relax and slow down for a while.
2026	3	a	I layed down on the floor in my dining room and shut my eyes.  I was now very frightened.  I made myself take slow, deep breaths, and asked my friend to get me a cold, wet cloth to put on my forehead, as well as some water.  I started to feel better almost instantly after she handed me the cloth, and I told her I was sorry for scaring her.  I could see in her eyes that she was terrified.  I was so sure that I had taken way too much and that I wouldn't be able to move from that spot for hours, but by this point I was feeling somewhat more in control and no longer nauseous.
2027	3	a	We sat in silence for a few moments, until it started making me feel uneasy, so I asked another friend to talk to me.  I didn't care what he was saying, I just wanted to hear him talk.  I had now convinced myself that I was overdosing in a terrible way, and was trying to distract myself from this thought.  When I finally decided to open my eyes again, my two friends appeared to have ethereal glows around their heads and bodies, which gave me an interesting mix of comfort and fear.  I now felt almost like I wasn't myself, like someone else was in my head controlling what I was saying.  I could hear myself apologizing over and over for frightening them or ruining their night, but couldn't control it; couldn't stop the words from coming out.
2028	3	a	The idea that I might be overdosing eventually left as we all sat on the floor.  By now, it had been about an hour and a half since taking the pills.  Once my mind settled down, the terror left my body and the dizziness was almost completely gone, I began experiencing the basic effects.  I felt intense euphoria.  I felt as though I was the luckiest person in the world, because I was seeing and feeling all of these great things.  I was blissful, lustful and thankful in regards to absolutely everything.  The rest of the night was a textbook example of an MDMA experience.  I experienced hightened energy levels. I hungered for, enjoyed and couldn't get enough of the sensation of people touching me, specifically on my belly.  I was chewing and licking my lips, clenching my jaw (which I never did when experimenting with smaller doses), I was completely ecstatic.  Everything felt perfect.  I never wanted it to end.  The whole buzz, from the first wave of the craze sweeping up my spine, to the time that I could no longer feel a single effect, was roughly six hours.  About nine hours after I took the pills, I went to bed and slept for roughly five hours.
2029	3	a	I didn't have much of a 'hangover' the next day.  I had a headache, likely due to dehydration, my lips were extremely chapped, swollen, and sore, I was dizzy every once in a while, but mostly I just felt emotionally numb, like I had used up all of my emotional energy the night before and now I wasn't capable of feeling anything.
2030	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2031	3	a	MDMA (3) : Difficult Experiences (5), Health Problems (27), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2032	3	a	I have never felt 'fucked up' at all while rolling.  There is no haze which fogs the brain; there is no inability to control my physical actions, unlike alcohol.  I would describe it somewhat as the opposite of 'fucked up.'  There is a stripping away of an outer core, one which normally holds me to all of the societal fears of opening up to people and seeing my world with clear, fresh eyes.  To experience MDMA is to experience a kind of purity in the world, not an adulteration.
2033	3	a	Three years ago, I had experienced 'E' more than ten times and felt that the effects were becoming weaker and weaker.  Mind you, those ten times had been very close together, and I had lost interest.  A couple of weeks ago, my sister and I (who live 2,000 miles away from each other) had the opportunity to experience the chemical together and we jumped at the chance.  None of the 'old magic' had been lost.
2034	3	a	We prepared for our evening of ecstasy by eating a small lunch that afternoon of Vietnamese noodle soup, as well as some spring rolls.  We then went home, and, planning a relaxing evening in instead of hacking it at the club, acquired the provisions--the tablets and one slim but firm joint of hydro.  My friend and her husband were with us and we all dropped around 6:30 p.m. while it was still daylight.  It was wonderful.  Our dogs were with us and they were eagerly lapping up the attention we lavished on them as we all warmed ourselves in the garden.  
2035	3	a	After our moment of awe with the sunset, my sister and I enjoyed a good peak-puke--like a pleasant little cloud rising in your throat as she says--and talked around the base of the toilet for a long time, about our parents divorce, about our own estrangement from each other, about characters in books we identified with, about everything.  My friend, with whom I had not yet become close, suddenly became very accessible to me, and we are now incredibly close friends.  He and I sat by the stereo, plugging in Steve Vai and Tears for Fears (intense peak music), Pat Metheny (nice plateau music) and Miles Davis (chill come-down music)for much of the roll.  He and I are both involved with our education, and we talked about that quite a bit.
2036	3	a	It was, as it always is, over too quickly.  But, my sister and I had to part ways the next morning and head back to our homes and lives.  So we went to bed.  As for the aftereffects, I felt as I had the last times I had done 'E'.  I felt like I had taken a really hard test the day before and hadn't slept the night before in studying for it.  I felt this way for a good three days; I didn't care much for being really active during this time.  But, it's always worth it--and it should be my right to determine what's worth it for my body and self.
2037	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2038	3	a	MDMA (3) : Families (41), Music Discussion (22), Hangover / Days After (46), Relationships (44), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2039	3	a	First let me give a brief history of what drugs I have experimented with. Everything I have done has been purely recreational in nature. Over the last year, I have taken mushrooms twice. Over the last year and a half I have taken vicodin and oxycotin approximately 5 times each. I have smoked marajuana 4 times. I have taken valium once. I tried nutmeg once but did not take enough to have any notible effect aside from a slight stomach discomfort. I have taken Ecstasy 3 time before, all three times were at raves, and as such with many many other people (only one pill). I have never had a bad trip/experience with any of the above, except the first time I took Ecstasy and didn't drink enough water. I didn't experience any problems other than a bit of an overheated feeling until I splashed some ice water on my face and drank a good ammount of water, but it was luckily the only 'negative' experience I have had with drugs. I am currently writing this at the trailing end of my experience, as to best capture the mood of the eveing.
2040	3	a	A Sunday night, by myself (well, my cat is here too), in my apartment. I spent the duration of the evening, night, and now morning in my bedroom, including bathroom of course.
2041	3	a	**1 pill Ecstasy (Blue Dolphin) taken [10:30PM]**
2042	3	a	At this point, I took a single Blue Dolphin (Tested as 100% MDMA) pill, with a glass of water. Given the time, and that it is a Sunday night (meaning I have obligations Monday at ~ 10:00, logic would dictate that I had better just plan on not sleeping, with, of course, the help of my friend MDMA. In my bedroom I have a about a 350 watt audio setup, a tv/dvd player, and my laptop, luckily with my newly installed cable internet, for entertainment. Unfortunately, I do not have a fog machine, strobe light, photons or other visual / lighting effects, but Windows Media Player and WinAmp visualizations have taken their place adequitely. Also, during the night I had about 10 or 12 glasses of cold water, but I didnt feel it was necessary to note the individual glasses on the timeline :P
2043	3	a	I spent this first 30 minutes chatting with some friends via AIM. The fact that I usually don't listen to loud music at 10:30PM on Sunday nights, coupled with that this is my first time taking Ecstasy away from a rave, it did not occur to me to put on any music just yet.
2044	3	a	I am now definately noticing that I am starting to come up, and feeling dandy. I put on the 'hard house' mp3 stream from digitallyimported.com, and turned up the music a fair bit. Loud enough that I can feel the bass a bit, but not too much as to get my neighbors knocking on my door lol. At this point I turned on a WinAmp strobe-effect visualization which turned out to be pretty neat and gave a hint of the familiar rave lighting environment. Toward 11:30 I am now feeling the overall body 'high' and warm, tingly feeling in my stomach. Also, I am definately paying much more attention to the music, and find myself looking intently at my laptop from time to time as I am coming up more and more on the Ecstasy.
2045	3	a	My cat woke up at this point, and wandered in from the living room. He is a very energetic and playful cat, so immediately came over and batted at me a bit. I spent this next half an hour or so playing with my cat. I got luckly and came out with only a couple scratches =). I it was much fun playing with him in while I was rolling! He plays rather aggressively and rough; although he's only 5 months old so he's still small.
2046	3	a	I'm up to the superb feeling of being at the peak of my current Ecstasy experience. I decide to take a nice warm shower now. I read in a form a while ago, that it is really fun to shower with the lights off, and have a strobe light in the bathroom. Now, as I don't have an actual strobe light, I set my computer on the bathroom counter, facing the mirror, and the effect was incredibe. It was completely sensory pleasing experience with the hot water, washing my hair, hearing the music, and seeing the strobe light effect. It was of equal enjoyment to getting a salp massage and a light show simultaneously at a rave, to put it in perspective.
2047	3	a	After I got out of the shower and had dried off a bit, I began to wach the 'making of' featurette from XXX (The action movie w/Vin Diesel and Samuel L Jackson, not a porno lol) DVD, and turned down the music enough so that I would be able to hear what is going on. This was a very relaxing hour or so. I was lying on my bed, with my cat sleeping beside me, thoroughly enjoying both the DVD and the music.
2048	3	a	I decided to turn the music up back nice and loud now. I wasn't restless, persay, but I new that some movement would defiantely be enjoyed. So, I stuck in this Beginners Yoga DVD I have and did about 30 minutes of Yoga, a couple minutes of meditation, and then a long segment of different stretches. For those of you who have never tried Yoga, it is very rewarding first thing in the morning to start off your day getting centered and stretching and warming up, etc. Well, doing so at 1:30AM while rolling on a Blue Dolphin is 1000 times better! After all the stretching, my body high was stepped up a level, which was definately satisfying.
2049	3	a	I decided that I wanted just a little more exercise, so I spent about 15 minutes doing push-ups and curl-ups on the floor. While doing the curl-ups on the carpeted floor, the carpet against my bare back felt great, kind of like a moderate back massage after enough curl-ups.
2050	3	a	After all my exercise, I decide to turn the music back down a bit and watch the acual movie XXX. I discovered a bottle of the clear Purell hand sanitizer, which turned out to be pretty cool. As the hand sanitizer is 62% ether alcohol, it feels Very cold and refreshing when you rub some anywhere on yourself, and while it evaporates. It also smells alost like eucalyptus, which was very nice. So, between the movie, music, and that hand sanitizer, I was completely content and satisfied, and having one damn nice time.
2051	3	a	**1/2 pill Ecstasy (Blue Dolphin) taken [4:00AM]**
2052	3	a	At this time, I took half of a Blue Dolphin pill with a glass of water. I remembered that a couple days ago I had opted for a 7-day free trial of Napster's paid music service, so I spent about half an hour working out a kick ass playlist to carry me through the moring, and of course cranked the music a bit more as it is approaching moring. By the time I had my new playlist setup I was definately feeling that half a pill kick in about the point I believe I would have otherwise began to come down.
2053	3	a	**1/2 pill Ecstasy (Blue Dolphin) taken [4:30AM]**
2054	3	a	First, I took the other half of the second pill with a glass of water, then I decided to go and take another shower with the same strobe setup as the previous shower I took earlier in the night. Again, taking a shower, while on Ecstasy, with really good music on and a strobe in the bathroom is damned cool.
2055	3	a	I spent this next half an hour dancing to some really good progressive house. I would say that dancing for at least some period of time to really good music is a definite must when you take Ecstasy. By now the second pill that I had taken in the two halves had kicked in it's full effect, and I am still flying right along nicely :)
2056	3	a	Now I decided to turn the music back down a bit and put in the Office Space DVD (one of my favorite movies). I again amused myself during this movie with the hand sanitizer which is great stuff when you are rolling!
2057	3	a	I then spent an hour and a half or so checking up on the news headlines online, lounging around, and playing with my cat some more. Everything I did, no matter how normal or standard, was an incredible happening :)
2058	3	a	It's now getting nicely into Monday morning, so I took a half an hour to leasurely get dressed, and have a couple bowls of cereal and a banana and my vitamins for breakfast.
2059	3	a	Well, that's where we are at right now :) It looks like it took me about half an hour to type out my night's experiences. I am off to work now, but I will append this tommorow morning hopefully with some degree of retrospect!
2060	3	a	It is now about 24 hours since I declared the bulk of my trip overwith, and I feel great. I got a good 8 hours of sleep last night, took my vitamins this morning, and have had no adverse effects from Sunday night, Moday morning :) I declare it a success!
2061	3	a	Initially, I was a bit skeptical about taking Ecstasy at Home, by Myself, but it turned out to be every bit as enjoyable as at a rave, and I would even go as far as to say it was overall better than a rave. Well, there you have it, and I hope that somebody will be able to get some ideas or otherwise benefit from reading about my experience!
2062	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2063	3	a	MDMA (3) : Music Discussion (22), General (1), Alone (16)
2064	3	a	This was not the first time I had taken a pill before. But it was one of my most intense experiences and one that gave me 'the older brother I never had'. And it happened at an all ages rave event. 
2065	3	a	I had been to raves two times before this. I had dressed like my friends, who had been to many more raves, in jeans and a t-shirt. This time however, I was on a mission to have the night of my life. I dressed in shorts and t-shirt and my newly aquired visor. Worn upside down and around to the side. My flatmate (dressed in her kandy outfit) and her new 26yo boyfriend (several years older than myself) both accompanied me to the rave. 
2066	3	a	My flatmate dropped while we were in the car. I waited until one hour after we got to the event. I was sitting with my friends in a circle and they all started to come up. I decided to take mine. I put it under my tongue and dissolved it in my mouth. Not too tasty, but I wanted to come up fast! 
2067	3	a	We all moved off and some time later I felt light headed. I was sharing a chair with a friend who was peaking. I nearly fell off the chair. I stumbled turned around and I had the biggest smile in the world. I tried to communicate with words but I couldn't. I would be short of breath every second word. This was a new feeling I had not felt before and I looked at my friends and they stared back at me with smiles as they nodded in agreement. They knew exactly what I was feeling and they asked the retorical question 'You feeling ok man?'. I just shook their hands as I grinned at them. Then I nodded my head. For once again we were brothers.
2068	3	a	At this point I usually go and hug my flatmate. But when I got there I was greeted by her boyfriend. He jumped up as he saw me. He had a smile on his face from ear to ear. I was moving to the music, a wicked drum and bass track that flowed through my body and into my limbs. I did a little cross-over leg move as the sea of fellow stompers parted on the dance floor. He said to me that I was the little brother he never had and if I or my flatmate were ever in need he would be there for us. I shook his hand the only way I knew how, with respect and sincerity. Then I hugged him and told him that he was the big brother I never had.
2069	3	a	After the encounter with my new found sibling I felt the urge to move again. I wanted to go outside. I got to the stairs and stopped. I stared at the obstacle that was preventing me from reaching my goal. I was still peaking and my body buckled at the idea of traversing something as dangerous as stairs, but I started one step at a time. 4 steps took about 20 seconds And I soon realised their was someone behind me. I just so happened to be blocking the whole stairwell. I looked over my shoulder and apologized to the young girl who stood behind me giggling at my state. She understood the way I felt so she just smiled back.
2070	3	a	She overtook me and got to the bottom of the stairs, but she stopped there and waited for me. When I got there we met each other's eyes and I realised she was so gorgeous. She was smiling at me not because she had taken a pill, but because I looked pretty silly trying to walk down those stairs. We began chatting and I noticed my hearing had changed, the way I could hear her voice so clearly and everything else was distorted. I also remember how my eyes were affected. The light was so bright as I talked to her there and her green fluffy outfit really caught my attention. She asked if I wanted to dance and I obliged. She took my hand to help me up those stairs and after a while of dancing I kissed her on her cheek and thanked her for being so kind. 
2071	3	a	I got her number and called her up after I'd been home to have a sleep. We went to a few raves together and had one of the most fun relationships I've ever had, but it didn't last longer than a few months. I meet up with her at raves now and I see her out at raves when we've got time. But I love her now as a friend and she's still gorgeous.
2072	3	a	And my newfound brother? Each time we go to raves together on pills we would always make sure the other person knew how we felt. We called ourselves brothers. But even out of the rave scene and not on drugs we stilled called each other brothers. He looked out for me and was always looking for ways he could help. He even sent me a birthday wish 4 months after my flatmate and him had broken up.
2073	3	a	Sometimes you can make lasting relationships based upon the intense feelings you get while you're on Ecstacy. You've just got to try and be open.
2074	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2075	3	a	MDMA (3) : Rave / Dance Event (18), Relationships (44), General (1)
2076	3	a	My friend who recently came to visit me, introduced me to some people he knew before he moved out of state. My friend explained to them that I was looking for E. So one of his friends walked into the house and after a couple minutes came out with another man who was on the phone. The man on the phone told me he could get white triple-stacked sunshines with little blue specks on them for $20 each. Upon hearing this I jumped at the opportunity and said I wanted 2. I have done E 4 times prior to this at raves and with friends. I've seen a lot of my friends buy pills and roll at parties, but I have never seen a triple-stacked pill before, so I was pretty psyched.
2077	3	a	As planned the guy came at around 10PM with what I wanted, and I was so excited that I swallowed one pill whole immediately after receiving it. We talked to the people for a little while, then we decided to go home. As me and my friend were on our way home at 11PM, I started feeling very energetic and happy, and I noticed that around the edges of street lights and tail lights there was a mild flickering and glow. That was the extent of the effects so far.
2078	3	a	When we arrived at my house at around 11:30PM I still wasn't rolling, and I decided that I just couldn't wait any longer for the pill to kick in. I crushed up my second pill into fine powder and snorted it in 4 regular sized lines. The reason it broke up into 4 lines was because the pill was so large. It was the biggest E pill I had ever seen.
2079	3	a	Within 5 minutes of snorting the 4 lines my pupils were huge and I was completely satisfied with how I was rolling. I felt my jaw tense up and I couldn't stop clenching my jaw. That didn't bother me since I felt so good. My friend started laughing at me because I was rubbing my head and telling him how I wish he could understand how good I felt. (I tend to do that sometimes, hehe)
2080	3	a	After I had peaked I got into a conversation with my friend about a lot of different issues in our lives. I felt very open to talk about anything with him. We stayed up the entire night talking. At about 8PM I left for work while my friend tryed to fall asleep. As a result, I was extremely tired since I didn't sleep and because of obvious reasons from rolling. After I at lunch at around 1PM I was feeling like I had some of my energy back, but I was still a little drained from not sleeping.
2081	3	a	Two days later, I decided that I wanted to buy a bunch of those same pills for my friends since they are hard to find where I live. So my friend and I called up the same guy and we went and bought 20 more of the same pills from him.
2082	3	a	Later, the day that I bought the 20 pills I started remembering how I didn't really get the effects I wanted until I took the second pill. So at about 10:40PM I crushed up one of the pills I had just bought, swallowed it inside of a piece of kleenex tissue. Me and my friends call this 'Parachuting'. It helps the pill to absorb a little faster since it is already broken up.
2083	3	a	By Midnight I still hadnt started to roll so I decided to look in a mirror to see if AT LEAST I had a little pupil dialation. I noticed my pupils were randomly getting bigger and smaller, but not staying at either for more than a fraction of a second. This confused me but I came to the conclusion that nothing was going to happen, and that I was going to go to sleep. I laid in bed for almost 2 hours tossing and turning, and unable to fall asleep. This is another factor that shows me that the pills contain MDMA, but just not enough to get my desired effects.
2084	3	a	I was kinda upset because I realized that I probably wasted my money on a bunch of weak pills. I knew they were real because I was rolling very nicely from 2 of the same pills a few days prior, and I was getting some onset effects from the 1 pill, but how am I going to give them to my friends for the price I paid for them if I know they will need 2 to get the desired effects? Looks like I got screwed on this one. I feel incredibly ignorant for buying 20 pills withoug even considering that it took 2 pills the first time to get the effects I wanted.
2085	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2086	3	a	MDMA (3) : Various (28), General (1), Loss of Magic (34)
2087	3	a	The day of the experience I had not had much sleep, or eaten anything at all. This was the 4th time I had done ecstacy in the past 12 months, and again it was just a friday hanging out with friends.  
2088	3	a	I dropped the E at around 6:00pm and was coming up around 7:00pm.  I had an immense body load, and nausea followed, in which I puked up the pill (orange maple leaf).  I ate something, drank a small amount of water and dosed another pill 30 minutes later.  Within 45 minutes, I was back 'up' and this time with no body load and no nausea to speak of.  My state of mind was peaceful, relaxed but also with an endless reserve of energy, to be used for anything and everything.  Music (esp. Jungle) has a much greater sense of flow and integrates into the visual scene well.  A severe case of eye wiggles (nystagmus) proved entertaining while watching a movie at a friends house, my vision insisted on 'sliding' off the screen every 5-10 seconds without continued concentration on a focal point.  
2089	3	a	Extreme pupil dilation and eye wiggles are the only visible effects of intoxication, in the 4 times having done E I have never experienced jaw clenching or teeth grinding.  Everything is bouncy and happy, I seem to want to skip, jump or dance everywhere I'm going (This is kinda freaking out the people I'm with, because they're not rolling).  A light sense of floating within my body makes steps light and airy, but still sure of themselves.  No loss of balance or memory, I am still able to recall important information and walk a straight line.  Feeling huggy but not in the extreme and as though I can predict whats going to happen and control it to work to my advantage.  No visual hallucinations to speak of throughout the night, more of a relaxed buzz that entertains the mind and soul.  At around 1:00 am everyone decides to go to sleep, and I join them falling asleep at around the same time as everyone else,  In the morning I wake up at 8:30 am, with energy to spare and still feeling a small amount above baseline, this feeling has continued to the time of writing this report (8:18 pm the same day).  
2090	3	a	Of all the times I have done ecstacy this was probably the most enjoyable, for a reason that escapes understanding.  The after effects are pleasant I feel an 'afterglow' of the pill, which is usual, 3 of 4 times I have ingested ecstacy, I have noticed this afterglow effect.  The odd time out, I also ingested alcohol and woke up feeling completely drained and unwilling to move for 2 days.
2091	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2092	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2093	3	a	A buddy of mine, we'll call J, picked up some E from a friend of his about a week prior to our trip. Another friend of mine, who we'll call P, had never tried ecstasy and really wanted to have an experience with it. It was in the middle of the summer and we'd all been rollin for the most part of summer, just eatin any e that came by(not a good idea at all). That summer pretty much came to a halt after our experience. We all met up at a buddy’s place and swallowed our pills down with a bit of water. We decided to go walk to a nearby park with J and P and smoke some joints, it was about an hour after we had eatin our E and nothing was going on, nothing at all, no one was feeling a thing. We walked to yet another nearby park to sell a gram of weed to a friend. When we got there it was about 2+ since we dropped our pills, we were rollin like there was no tomorrow. I was talking a lot more than I would usually talk on E, letting some personal information to people who I didn’t know too well at all. That was only a start though, I had basically no feeling of euphoria that I would usually get on E, I was thinking to myself, 'Holy fuck I think I've lost the magic of ecstasy'. Both my two buddy’s felt basically the same as I had described to them.
2094	3	a	I still had one more pill left so I asked P if he wanted anymore or else I would take the whole pill for myself, he said that he didn't think it was as intense as most people told him. It was about 4+ hours into the trip, so we split the pill into two and swallowed em. NOT A GOOD IDEA. Don’t take more of something with unknown ingredients... That was all we needed, we were bouncing off the walls after that, we all had entirely too much energy. Even J who had only ingested one pill was bouncing off the walls. For a while (by a while I mean 1-2hours) I could swear that I could hear a system pumping really bassy music but it was actually my heart. I felt my chest just to see exactly how I was doing, my heart was racing fast. About 5hours into the experience we were finally coming down. It was very unusual though, it took about 3 hours for it to react in all of us, and then the peak only lasted about an hour to two hours. 
2095	3	a	The side effects were the worst part. After we all left the park we decided to go home and TRY to get some sleep. P stayed at my place and J went home. Both me and P went home to my house and smoked a couple bowls before going inside and trying to go to sleep. I setup a bed in my room for P to sleep in and then immediately jumped into my bed and closed my eyes. After about 2 hours of trying to sleep I knew something was wrong, P couldn’t sleep either. So we basically tried to sleep as much as we could before morning came. When morning came nothing was different, we were still coming down from the drug and had no sleep whatsoever. At about 11am I went to go have a shower, I looked in the mirror at my eyes, my pupils were still as big as pennies. This I thought was not right at all. When I got out of the shower I looked at P's eyes, still dilated. Something was wrong. So we called J at noon and asked him how he was doing. Same story, no sleep at all. So I told him to go and take a quick look in the mirror, same story, dilated pupils still.
2096	3	a	It was four days later when we all started to feel normal. We all hadn't slept in 3 days either, insomnia is very annoying. This experience caused a whole lot of different problems in just one night. I would recommend people test their E.
2097	3	a	This was my worst experience with ecstasy. I haven't touched it since this experience either. E is a very unpredictable drug, because it can contain a lot of other more deadly drugs in one tiny little pill. 
2098	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2099	3	a	MDMA (3) : Difficult Experiences (5), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2100	3	a	In the summer, about 10 of my friends and I decided to go spend a weekend together for the sole purpose of relaxation and to renew friendships.  Of course, there were the use of drugs but our trip didn't orbit around the use of it.  We smoked weed once we set up our tents and were stoned for most of the day (which was a friday).  On the Saturday of our camping trip, we all decided to chillout because we wanted to drop in the evening.  We ended up eating some dinner, and we all took our first pill at 10pm.  We were sitting around a rather puny campfire but we were all huddled together so we weren't that cold.
2101	3	a	Within 30 minutes, the E started to hit hard.  I decided to take another 1/2 a tab to get my peak going.  We were all pretty much fucked up by then.  There was a lot of emotions and talking; it seemed like one big happy fest or something.  I was sick of the way too lovey environment and decided to chillout by myself in my tent to listen to some trance.  I had the biggest urge to dance.  Dropping outdoors sure was a different experience than dropping inside a rave.  I had no 'floory' feelings and all I wanted to do was move around.  Soon, all my my friends ended up in my tent and we were all chilling.  We split up though, and there were about 4 of us just enjoying our trip.  Two of my friends started feeling sick, and usually, I would've done everything to help them out but I wanted to explore.  I wanted to hike, I wanted to run around in the grass, I wanted to walk the dirt path to the lake.  It was beautiful.  Dropping with nature was an eye opener to see how awesome nature is.  I was looking up at the stars and contemplating my role in the world.  
2102	3	a	I started to think about philosophy and what life really is.  I didn't give a fuck whether my friends weren't feeling good, this state I was in seemed like so much more.  It went beyong the existence of this earth.  I can't put it in words, I felt important, yet not so important.
2103	3	a	Anyway, I could feel my comedown from my peak.  It was only fucking 12am, so another two of my friends and I decided to go for a walk.  We end up dropping 1 tab each.  I peak all over again except this time, I'm surrounded by tall trees and walking around and around.  Then, the hallucinations started happening with me seeing people that weren't there, electricity flying through the air, gates and doors to other places, a beach which disappeared once i tried to pick up some 'sand', and roads that led straight into the forest.  I was fucked up, and soon the realization of the beauty of nature faded and soon I felt bad for leaving my friends behind.  Yeah, that goddamn 'lovey' feeling started to kick in and I went back into my tent and chilled with everyone else.  I started talking some nonsense though like I would blurt out 'How much is admission to the theme park?' and 'I wanna drink some mocha at a coffee shop with DSL internet access'.  Don't ask me why, but these things just came out of my mouth without me realizing it.
2104	3	a	It was a good experience.  It was my first totally different experience with E with me not saying 'I love you' to everyone i saw.  It was something different and indeed unique.  I recommend an outdoor rave or a camping trip where you can drop with nature.  Yeah yeah, it's a cheesy story but it's really something different.
2105	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2106	3	a	MDMA (3) : Nature / Outdoors (23), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2107	3	a	I am new to the rave scene, I find it intriguing. I am also new to trying substances other than weed, and so I have begun to experiment with ecstasy, and although my experiences have not been  as positive as many reports I have heard, it has been an interesting sensation I wish to further experiment with.
2108	3	a	My very first experience with ecstasy, and indeed, my first outdoor rave, was with only half a pill, and I only felt mild symptoms; a mild sensation of walking through marshmallow, the intense and insatiable thirst, and slight nausea. I was mesmerized by lasers and strobes and the music was enveloping, but I could see that my co-ravers who had consumed a whole pill each were, true to its name, ecstatic. My friend, C, who had taken the other half of my pill was experiencing nothing except nausea, and did not really enjoy the experience at all. However, after about three hours after ingestion I did embark on a taste and texture sensation with a banana. Exquisite!
2109	3	a	My more recent, and more notable experience with ecstasy was at an indoor rave. The previously mentioned friend, C, who consumed half a pill, had furthered his experiences with the drug, and had consumed whole pills on various other occasions, well, he was there and he was the one who had obtained our 'party prescription' for the evening. My partner, S, was there, this would be his first experience with the drug and I was feeling jittery. I am prone to feeling small waves of nervous nausea at the thought of taking something that I know little of how my body, as an individual, will really react to (despite my extensive reading prior to doing these things) and I know that this is part of why I don't get the same level of positive response from substances, this feeling was also intensified because I worried about how S would react to it. 
2110	3	a	We took our pills on the dance floor, which was, needless to say, somthing that I was less than comfortable about and would not recommend, discretion is potentially safer. Half an hour after ingestion, I was feeling very little other than intensified jitteriness. S was on top of the world, he danced with such energy and kept kissing me with pure joy. I began to feel nauseous and asked S to escort me to the ladies. I refilled my water bottle and looked at my eyes. At almost an hour after ingestion my pupils were not at all dilated and I was feeling none of the positive symptoms that S and C were experiencing. I began to feel somewhat disheartened, but decided that my role for the evening would be to keep S and C plied with sufficient amounts of water.
2111	3	a	I tried to make myself dance and smile, and after about fifteen minutes of forcing myself to get into the swing of it I needed to make a trip to the bathroom to refill my water bottle. As I turned I faced C who was dancing behind me, and I felt a slight wave of nausea hit me, and then another wave of what can only be described as marshmallow replaced the nausea and an uncontrolled smile formed on my face. I looked up at C and could see how happy (and sweaty!) he was. I reached up to touch his face, 'I'm finally there!' I cried to him. He hugged me. S was intensely focussed on the lasers and strobes and seemed entirely hypnotised by the music. I reached for him and we kissed for a while, it felt more pure than anything I've ever felt before.
2112	3	a	When I returned from the bathroom after refilling my water bottle I still felt as though I was walking through marshmallow, but I couldn't find the energy to dance. I still felt contentedness and pleasure at being at the rave, but I stood in the middle of the dance floor unmoving. C later informed me that he was worried for me because I looked unhappy as I stood amidst all these happy dancing ravers with my arms crossed over my chest, he told me I didn't look like I was having a good time at all. I know that internally I was wishing that the night would never end, but at the same time I wanted to find the ability to dance. I couldn't make myself let go and get taken away by the drug, which I found frustrating. 
2113	3	a	Later in the evening, some four or so hours after ingestion I had moments of utter fear. They were fleeting, but when the smoke machines were letting out smoke I found myself totatlly blinded by white which was truly terrifying until the smoke dissipated. I also had one very fleeting hallucination (which I believe to be as a result of strobe lights and a girl walking past me) of a woman hanging herself on a porch, vivid enough to take my breath away and for me to find myself a moment later clutching my shirt and shaking a little. These moments of terrror only lasted less than a second and I was not overwhelmed by them for the rest of the evening, but I have the mild suspicion that my overall frame of mind for the evening did not start at the right level of positivity for me to properly experience the full potential of ecstasy.
2114	3	a	My next experience I intend to plan a little better. I will have the day off of work before hand so that I won't feel too fatigued (and work usually makes me grumpy too), and I want to try taking a little 5 HTP for the week prior, to hopefully give me a little bit of a serotonin boost. I fully intend to keep an open mind. :)
2115	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2116	3	a	MDMA (3) : First Times (2), General (1), Rave / Dance Event (18)
2117	3	a	The first time that I tried ecstasy, there was nothing. I just finished fighting with my girlfriend and I wanted to use Ecstasy as a way of analyzing my feelings. On ecstasy, I felt a slight rush that quickly lost its novelty. To my disappointment, I quickly found myself wanting to sleep, but unable to. Later that night, I went to my girlfriend's dorm and I cuddled up next to her. The next day, I told her about my roll despite anticipating her disapproval. I didn't regret the roll, but it didn't do very much for me. She was upset over my experience and I felt bad for not talking with her first.
2118	3	a	The second time I did it, it was off a whim and again because of my girlfriend. I knew my girlfriend didn't approve so in an effort to establish a more autonomous relationship, I told her I wanted to do it again. I requested that she only disapprove after giving me a reason beyond the negative experiences that she's seen. Well, she didn't and she bid me good luck for the night. That night, I went to a  'rave' at a frat. Although the DJ played undancable music, I had a very positive experience. Growing up, I was very repressed. I was a nihilist until about 8th grade and then I was a depressing deconstructionist. When I was on E, I felt completely empathetic. It is very difficult for me to relate to others. This is my defense against a society where people are so repressed and conflicted. On ecstasy, I was indulged. Others understood that I was on drugs and I was allowed to compliment people without worrying what they would think of me. I was given a pass to ignore the social norms. I was in an environment with other intelligent individuals. I could feel their passions and their interests, but I also shared their disappointment. 
2119	3	a	When the DJ refused to play rave music, I felt sympathy for both the DJ and the complainers. I was also saddened and frustrated by the fact that the DJ was not empathetic. Now that I have the oppurtunity to examine my experience through sobriety, I understand that there is no social sanction against empathy. On E, I understood the social sanctions and I saw different people's anxieties and was able to express with sincerity, my appreciation of their beauty. I didn't go around telling people that I loved them, which I did feel, but I did go around telling people what I wouldn't normally. I wouldn't have told a cop he had beautiful eyes, but I did ask a friend who was down if she was OK. I knew that my relationship with her wasn't very well-established, so I did tell her that I wanted to talk with her more. It was as if all those years of repressing blew up in one night.
2120	3	a	I was afraid of empathy, because I saw others repressing their empathy. It's easy to be empathetic on E, but sobriety is more complex. On E all there was was empathy. There are other aspects of my life that are important. I hope that I can embrace the empathy that E has shown me, while balancing my competive nature, my intellectual nature, my spiritual nature and my aesthetic nature. I am grateful for this experience and I would like to maximize the benefits of this knowledge.
2121	3	a	I had a good experience and a not so good experience. I believe that the difference between these experiences comes mainly from the difference between my approaches. I believe the a chemical alteration on my body still works only on my body. I believe that the E experience is highly subjective. I was in two different places when I tried those experiences. I was more confident the second time. I was there to make decisions and not to experience enlightenment. Thinking back now, my first approach was irrational. Who is going to teach me other than myself? E is not a God. It's a drug.
2122	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2123	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Large Group (10+) (19)
2124	3	a	I'm going to attempt to put to words the absolutly amazing experience that this drug facilitated for me.  To describe this I feel that its important that the reader know my mental state prior to taking MDMA and the setting I was in.  This is because, at least from my experiences, the effect of ecstasy is _greatly_ influenced by your mood and environment durring the trip.
2125	3	a	Last weekend several of my closest friends and I attended a rave in Seattle.  We had been planning and anticipating this rave for weeks, so by the time we arrived we were so excited that it was nearly unbearable.  Every possible detail of our little vacation had been worked out so there was nothing that could distract or worry us.  We were totaly free to have a good time.  Before we left we had aquired a quantity of ecstasy from a very trustworthy source and tested it to be sure of its purity.
2126	3	a	Once at the rave(12:00am) my friends and I each ate a pill and started to walk around the building enjoying the music, talking to people, taking in the amazing light displays, and in general just getting as comfortable with our surroundings and possible.
2127	3	a	After about a half hour I noticed that my friends and I were seeming to get along even better (if that was possible), and that heartfleat words of friendship were starting to become common. This is how I can always tell it's starting...I get along with everyone around me and want to tell everyone how they really are a good person and that I care about them.
2128	3	a	Probably about ten minutes later I noticed my body was starting to feel electric, my arms felt like they almost floated to the music.  At this point it also became almost impossible not to move in harmony with the music.  An OH the music!  The music started to sound so good...almost orgasmic..as if it was ressonating from inside me.
2129	3	a	By 1:20am I was really feeling the effects.  I wanted to be everyone's friend, to tell every girl I saw that I thought she was unbelievably beautiful, and to just make people as happy as I was.  I was awe struck just at how amazingly happy I was, all my problems were millions of miles away.  Not to be sappy but it was as if my soul was about to burst with joy and I was desperate to express this to people and help them feel the same.  Another interesting effect was that my vision wiggled laterally.  It was as if someone put a vibrating massager against my head shaking my eyes around.  It was very pleasurable.
2130	3	a	At this point a girl I met earlier gave me a back rub.  I can not put to words how amazing it was.  The experience transcended sexual pleasure....and it was just a simple back rub.  But it wasn't just the back rub, it was to being with someone...sharing the experience with them, being in contact with a living, breathing, _FEELING_ human.  I can not stress enought the importance of sharing emotionaly with others while on extacy...it make it so much more intence and meaningfull. (be carefull though..once you come down you may feel abit dumb if you say too much.)
2131	3	a	After what I can only guess was about three and a half hours of happiness so intence that it was almost overwhelming I started to come down.  Coming down off 'e' really wasn't that bad.  I simply felt that it was time to stop.  A walm calm feeling overcame me and I felt the need to sit and just observe and enjoy other people.  The only downside was that at this point I noticed that my jaw was rather sore from being clenched all night.  Also the next day I definitly felt mentaly slowed, but still warm and peaceful.
2132	3	a	In conclusing I don't think any drug could have possibly been given a more fitting name...it truely is ecstasy.  Also, the setting really does matter with this drug.  If you take 'e' while with people you don't feel too great around with a bad mood you really do get a pretty so-so trip.  Sure you'll feel happy...but nothing very special..you'll probably have had better times without chemical help.
2133	3	a	And lastly, be VERY carefull who you get it from.  I've had two friends end up in the hospital from bad pills.  Too many people want to make a fast buck and are willing to risk your health for it.  That and remember, moderation is key.  MDMA very likely _IS_ neurotoxic...in other words...do it too much and you really could become an 'e-tard'.
2134	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2135	3	a	MDMA (3) : Rave / Dance Event (18), Glowing Experiences (4), General (1)
2136	3	a	I feel I must first point out that I did not voluntarily take PMA as a recreational substance but rather discovered after ingesting a pill that its content was not the MDMA I believed to of bought.  The tablet was a large with the famous 3 triangled Mitsubishi logo stamped on it, the tablet was white.
2137	3	a	I bought 10 of these large Mitsubishi pills as my current consumption is to dose once or twice a week with between 6 - 12 pills each time.  I hadn't had these pills before so bought 10 knowing I would try one, if I was satisfied with the effect I got from that I would be able to ingest more.
2138	3	a	I took the tablet at about 2am, the come up for a pill for me is almost always between 50-70 minutes after ingestion so at 3am you can imagine I was expecting something to happen soon... nothing.  3.30am came, still nothing.  4am came, nothing.  At this point I decidedly accepted I wasn't going to get an effect, I am not the type of person to ingest more unknown substances in the hope of feeling an effect.  However at 4.30am I felt something, not an MDMA come-up though, more like a slight warm feeling that’s not too dissimilar.  After this initial feeling which lasted about 5minutes I felt noticeably different.  Not the warm, loved-up feeling of ecstasy however, more like feeling tired when you’re wide awake.  I found myself constantly stretching and wanting to move - the wanting to move feeling was a lot like when you’re looking for something but you can’t remember what it is you’re looking for so you just search hoping when you see it you will know that’s what you wanted.  I tried moving about different rooms of my house, lying down in places, sitting in others, I couldn't find where I wanted to be.
2139	3	a	This feeling went on for about 3 to 4 hours, it wasn't something I would consider enjoyable but it was a learning experience.  I can’t imagine dancing on it if in a club however my friends who use less ecstasy report they got much stronger effects from taking just one of these tablets.  One of my friends who took 2 however had a bad experience, not in control of his own body and had to be looked after by other friends that promptly took him home to try look after him.  He woke the next morning however feeling ok.
2140	3	a	Suppose the moral of this is to remember with ecstasy you are often taking a cocktail of drugs, test a batch before you plan to spend a night taking as many as you will and always be cautious.
2141	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2142	3	a	PMA (126), MDMA (3) : General (1), Unknown Context (20)
2143	3	a	Prior to my first experience with MDMA, I had never before recreationally taken a substance more 'severe' than marijuana. This being said, I had been smoking marijuana on an almost daily basis for quite some time, and was eager for a different experience. (Is marijuana a gateway drug? Undoubtedly, in my opinion.)
2144	3	a	Upon the offer of a friend of mine, I had decided to take the plunge and try MDMA with three friends: one had about 5 prior experiences, another had just rolled for the first time two weeks earlier, and the third was my ex-girlfriend (ex at the time of rolling, as well) who had once before taken MDMA which, according to her, resulted in a horrific experience.
2145	3	a	I had always harbored reservations about taking Ecstasy, due primarily to a small number of second hand accounts of bad trips, as well as the reputation the substance has for potentially harmful side effects. (I now realize that these cases of bad trips are frequently due to the presence of substances other than MDMA in the 'Ecstasy.') However, on this particular occasion, I was quite familiar with the source of the substance, and was assured that it was only pure MDMA that I would be consuming in the gel cap. 
2146	3	a	Instead of the usual rave/dance scene, we decided to enjoy our evening of rolling at my friend's house, which was entirely fine by me, as I had no idea what to expect from the substance. Immediately upon arrival at his house, we consumed one pill each (110 mg) at 7 PM and proceeded to smoke a small bowl of marijuana (largely to calm my nerves, which were a bit on edge after consuming the substance.)
2147	3	a	After about 45 minutes, my two male friends present seemed to be feeling a good level of the effect: they were really getting into the use of ice and cold water, frequently rubbing the former on one another's skin. At this point I was a bit dissappinted; I had obviously not achieved the level of euphoria that they had attained. (In retrospect, they felt about the same as I did at that time; I believe that they were just recalling their prior experience rolling together, and knew that what they were doing just seems right while under the influence. Their actions, at this point, actually made me a bit uncomfortable. 'Can I rub your feet?' 'Uhm, sure' I would reply)
2148	3	a	I was definitely feeling content with life in general by this point, and felt no evidence of nausea or anxiety, so I joined them in taking another 110 mg pill. However, soon after I took the second (a mere 5 minutes or so), I began to truly notice the full effects of the first pill.
2149	3	a	The moment of my realization of the euphoria can be specifically isolated: after partaking of another bowl of marijuana, I looked up behind me at a Bob Marley poster on the wall, and there was a sudden *click*, and, at that moment, everything was right in the world. From this point on, my memory of the experience is quite delinear, but many key moments I recall.
2150	3	a	By this point in time, it was quite dark outside, but it was a lovely evening with a full moon and low clouds (with Colorado's Rocky Mountain range as a backdrop.)  During a smoke break outside, I melded with a deck chair, absolutely content to just look up at the sky, and try to focus on the (now overly bright) full moon among the clouds. Focusing on such a bright object at the time was quite impossible, but I was content with losing myself in the expansive night sky.
2151	3	a	My next memory vivid enough to recall is one of looking at myself in the mirror. In my reflection, I had ceased altogether to be myself; I was looking at myself as an impartial observer, and was able to be completely honest about my appearance and facial expressions. This golden moment, by itself, I consider to be worth the entire trip. (I was also quite enamored with my severely dialated pupils.)
2152	3	a	After descending into my friend's well-furnished and comfortable basement to listen to music as a group, the second pill was starting to take effect as well. At this point, nothing felt better than being touched, or touching others. Even the rubbing of ice on and intense muscle rubs I was giving to my friends there didn't give me the slightest of pause; our touches had no sexual lust to them, they were merely expressions of our feelings toward eachother as human beings.
2153	3	a	I did experience minor hallucinations, especially while looking up at the night sky. (A stuffed teddy bear spent a few moments hopping inbetween clouds and waving, and then was gone for the remainder of the evening.) Although nowhere near the severity of those experienced while under the influence of psilocibin, colours were intensified and sound was amplified internally.
2154	3	a	Much of the rest of the night was spent clenching my jaws (something I did regret the next day) and experiencing severe Dejï¿½ Vu; although I know that I had never before taken MDMA in my life, almost everything I was perceiving felt as if it had happened to me before (something that I also experienced with psilocbin.)
2155	3	a	My experience (and post-experience) with MDMA did cause frustration with words, however. I felt that it was not possible to express myself thoroughly with words alone. However, this frustration didn't effect my experience at all; nothing whatsoever could have been construed as negative while rolling.
2156	3	a	The following day, the four of us got together to go for a short hike. A feeling of rebirth was with me throughout the day, but I never experienced (even in the following days) any of the negative side effects I have heard and read about (depressions, anxiety, strong desire to avoid normal life.)
2157	3	a	Although it is frustrating trying to recall and express in a satisfactory manner what the experience was, I would definitely like many more experiences with MDMA (although I haven't been craving the drug whatsoever.) I feel that, after the experience, I can actually cope with life's curveballs much better and enjoy, just that much more, it's pleasurable experiences.
2158	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2159	3	a	MDMA (3) : First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Nature / Outdoors (23), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2160	3	a	Last year, I had quit taking MDMA for a while for two reasons. One, because I didn't think it was worth it. The magic was gone, I wasn't getting the same impact from it as I had before, the same degree of closeness and joy with friends. The MDMA space had become predictable and banal, almost like a stereotype. Two, I had taken it in mid-summer 2000 with a recent acquaintance at the time, whom I become involved with in a relationship that lasted two months. At the peak of the trip, after a few cartridges of nitrous oxide, I was convinced on a gut and soul level, that this was the person that I was destined to be with, as in 'marry.' It was like an epiphany. And I had just really met him only six hours prior to this. This concept of 'my destiny' being this man was so utterly preposterous in retrospect, that it really made me wonder about the information that I was getting while on MDMA. I had had the rule, 'never kiss a potential romantic partner on MDMA that you haven't kissed before.'
2161	3	a	I broke it, I ended up in that relationship, that's OK, but all in all, there was a very good reason I made the rule to begin with. Maybe I was getting into such a profound sense of acceptance, on top of a foundation of loneliness and wanting a partner, that my mind was going, 'Yes, this person is it.' It was yet another reminder of how intimate an experience it can be to take drugs with someone.
2162	3	a	Before my year-long fast, I was taking 120-150 about 4 times a year. After breaking the fast with this relationship, I did MDMA a few times where I took 100-120 mg, with 2C-B on the tail end of the MDMA. This lead to major body load, fuzziness of memory, and overall fucked-up-ness. The next day, I didn't remember much content, just that I was having wacky fun the night before. But it's no longer that interesting to me, if I can't recall what transpired. So I went back to being really cautious, and not seeking out MDMA.
2163	3	a	Halfway through this year, a friend who had quite intense physical responses to MDMA [her lips would swell where she would chew them, and the next few days she was really tired] suggested that I try a lower dose. She has a friend who has thoroughly explored lower doses, particularly to write books on. I had had the experience -- when I first started taking MDMA -- of the icky 50mg threshold dose feeling of 'not quite being there.' But that was a different time in my life, and I had much more experience with MDMA under my belt. So I decided to try it. 
2164	3	a	That is how I discovered the 60 mg dose. I have tried 60 mg three times now, and though it is light, I retain most of the experience and the conversations the next day, I don't have negative aftereffects, and I don't get the fucked-up feeling. I get a pleasant centered MDMA sensation that I can 'work with' and use to enhance existing thoughts and feelings. This helps fit the experience into the fabric of my life. I have taken it at a small gathering [13 people] to dance and talk and bond, then another time to go on a long walk with friends and talk, and then a third time to stay at home and hostess a party.
2165	3	a	Each time I've also taken 5-HTP before and after the experience. The second day, I feel soft and happy, with no driving sense of having to do anything but enjoy the day. I don't get depressed or tired. I like the 60 mg dose because I tend to be a very serious person, and hard on myself, and the MDMA helps get me back in touch with compassion.
2166	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2167	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2168	3	a	Since I've found relatively few mdma-only insufflation reports in my research, thought I'd send this in.  
2169	3	a	drug: mdma only -- no other drugs/herbs/concurrent meds
2170	3	a	Thanks to my all-too-typical e-monster behavior at a party last month, my sweetie and I were left with only one cap of MDMA between us.  We'd planned to go to the beach to share it on New Year's, but the exigencies of separating and ingesting powders in the car and/or on a windy beach began to seem too daunting, so we decided to use it on xmas instead.  Since we only had the one cap (appx 140 mg), and we'd never done it this way before, we chose to snort it, hoping to squeeze a little more intensity from the experience in exchange for a shorter trip.
2171	3	a	A few hours after a light dinner, we lit some candles and put some Digweed on the boombox, and split up the cap  on a mirror.  Even though we'd never insufflated mdma before, we're both quite familliar with the substance, so we chose to snort the whole 70mg dose in one go.
2172	3	a	00:00:30  Ow, ow, ow!  We'd diced up those little crystals as finely as possible, but it still felt like glass shards going up our noses-- and coming down the backs of our throats.
2173	3	a	00:15  The pain has subsided, but the icky taste persists.  And we both note with some disappointment that we're barely off baseline.
2174	3	a	00:20  Definitely coming up, but very gently, none of the waves of e-intensity that usually wash over me.  We talk quietly & stretch yoga-style.
2175	3	a	00:40  Finally feeling as 'up' as I'd expect to feel after a relatively low dose of mdma.  No psychic fireworks, but I feel very pleasant and content.  We're into the third or fourth remix of Beautiful, Strange, and we're Cute, Odd.
2176	3	a	02:00 I open one eye long enough to find & blow out the candle, then we float off to sleep in each other's arms.  Awwwww.  :-)
2177	3	a	To conclude -- I was surprised that we didn't come up more quickly, since insufflation is usually such an efficient method of administration.  Perhaps a higher dose would have come on faster.  I'll probably never know, however, because given the lack of payoff for the relatively painful experience of snorting it, I'll stick to swallowing mdma in the future.
2178	3	a	P.S., A note to my fellow e-monsters, those of us who KNOW BETTER but still find ourselves taking 2+ hits in an evening in an attempt to get/stay higher -- less can be more!  After a low-key but still very sweet evening, we awoke refreshed & with no signs of the usual over ex-ertion.
2179	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2180	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), General (1)
2181	3	a	A guy I was datings friend said that this batch of E was pure. We all took one. I was 18. I had huge hesitancies, which could have affected the trip of course. I started off crying tons because I thought about how awful it was that I did not want to find my birth mom because she was so awful to me. Then I had a typical great high where all was sunshine and love. I found a joy in the fact that this world of streets and buildings and cars are just here for everybody, even though most of us will never have to do the work to bring it here. I felt blitzed out for 2 weeks. 
2182	3	a	From then on for about a year and a half I felt like I never came back to my true soul self. I felt weak and drained. Worst of all, I had dreams where my soul was plastic, and I no longer could relate to my past journals. Also, for at least a year (I forget when it finally went away) I could never look at a tree without my vision constantly reajusting. Trees never stood still! I happen to be someone who has since commited to taking no drugs, and have had amazing shamanic dreams and visions since. I first had them in middle scool before and they went away when I started trying hallucinogens. I just want to say that if a person is is already gifted 'psychically' they should consider not messing with drugs in general because they are already open and healthy that way. Also, if a person has had childhood trauma, E can give too much to deal with too fast. I became depressed and dropped out of school. Now I see a Shamanic counselor and have grown, healed emotionally alot, and learned so much.
2183	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2184	3	a	MDMA (3) : Post Trip Problems (8), General (1), Unknown Context (20)
2185	3	a	I first want to say that I recently turned 30 years old and I had yet to do X. To the young ones reading this thinking I'm an old fart, let me assure you that life goes on, yep, even at 30! I live in a metropolis where it's 'cool' to be single and 30, and the club scene is still going strong for twenty and thirty-somethings. I'd always wanted to do X, and when I hit 30 I decided this was the year to do it. I've had 2 experiences in about 2 months, both extremely different, which I'll share.
2186	3	a	For starters, know that I've always loved dancing and have been to raves before (yeh, I was the one of the FEW who was not on any drug at raves). So I'm not new to the scene, just new to the drug. I had a chance to see Oakenfold one night and I was told if I was going to do X, this was the time. Unfortunately, my X-experienced friends were unable to go, but I really wanted to do this, and I was going to go there with some acquaintance friends of mine. I ended up meeting them there but they were not rolling, just sitting at the bar and drinking. Not quite what I was expecting, as I was told X was something you needed to do with friends (and one of these friend TOLD me I should do the X, so I ~thought~ they would be rolling too). While they were content to sit at the bar, once I was rolling I had to hit the dance floor, so I was pretty much by myself, at a club, doing my very first 'real' drug. Needless to say, I was very anxious about what was going to happen.
2187	3	a	I took half a pill, waited about 40 minutes, and popped the 2nd half. I really felt nothing the first 40 minutes. I could tell ~something~ was coming on, but I didn't know what to expect, so I just popped the second half. I stood at the edge of the dance floor, drinking water and waiting for the drug to kick in. The first thing that hit me was the music. I just ~had~ to dance to it. While I was still a little unsure, I waited until the effects of the drug conquered my anxiety and I went to the dance floor and danced, danced, danced. I didn't need to be with friends - the music and I, and the dancers around me, were flooding me. I had a big grin on my face. I began dancing next to a very cute girl who appeared to be rolling, but I didn't know how to approach her. We were right next to each other, looking at each other, but I was afraid to respond. If I was NOT on X, I would have approached her - I'm not shy at all when it comes to talking with the opposite sex. But I didn't know what to do. Do you talk to people on X? How does this work?? This was the one thing I missed on my first experience - I didn't know how to react with the others who were rolling (who were easy to pick out, once I was rolling too). Now I know that people on X seem to be in their own special, friendly group. I laughed happily when I realized I finally understood what the deal was with the glow-sticks -- the lights were so vivid, so amazing! I would stand and just watch people play with their lights. I then noticed other 'rollers' who were touching and caressing each other. I really wanted to do this this with someone, but resolved to just rub my fingers together. I finally ran into 2 friends of mine by chance who were rolling as well, so I spent the rest of the night with them. But they were a couple, and after a few hours I let them go do their own thing -- I still just could not resist the urge to dance, dance, dance. I went home when the club closed, had no problems falling asleep, and the next day I felt tired, but fine. I think the pill was a little weak, which was good for my first time alone. The experience was great -- the feelings were so vibrant, I was one with the music. But I knew to truly experience X, you had to be with friends. About a month later, I had my 2nd experience, which was TOO MUCH and borderline dangerous, but still an incredible ride...
2188	3	a	There were 4 of us - Two guys and two girls -  a couple, myself and a dear friend of mine, a gal I've known since I was 23. Due to a problem with our supplier, we first ended up taking only 3/4 of a pill each. We waited a couple hours, trying to find clubs to go to (a rave we went to had terrible music, so we went down the street to a new club, which was dead, and we finally found a busy club that would cater to us). Pushing 2 hours after the first dose, the original source came through, and we all got another pill. I took a full pill this time, which brought me to 1.75 pills. The first dose had yet to kick in. I felt the familiar 'something is coming on' feeling, but I was not yet rolling.
2189	3	a	When everything kicked in, we were rolling our asses off. I experienced all the side effects of X. It was TOO much. The first time I did it, I felt in control, just euphoric. THIS time, I felt like a zombie. My body was jello, I was moving in slow motion. It was hard to do basic things, like unwrap a piece of gum. It was hard to dance. However, the 'good' effects of X were there - my friends and I couldn't keep from touching each other -- our hands, our arms. This is what I was missing the first time. I kissed a girl for the first time on X, and was blown away by it. I kissed with my eyes closed, but I swear I could SEE the kiss going on in my mind. It was amazing. The lights were jittering around me, the glow-stick people were mesmerizing. There were a few people with flags, waving them around, which blew me out of the water. It was the most amazing visual thing I'd ever seen. I remember yelling, wide-eyed 'Look at those fucking flags!!!'  The bad effects were kicking in too - we all had done too much; these were strong pills. The other guy and one of the girls vomited. I felt my eyes shaking rapidly. I could not focus on people - I didn't even get a good look at the girl I kissed - I just could not focus on her. I would be in conversation with people and would just zone out right in the middle of a word. There were times it seemed I would forget to breath. Occasionally I had to stop and take a deep breath. At times, I noticed my heart felt a little heavy, like my blood pressure or pulse were way up. The rolling was too much. I felt nauseous. If I did not continually chew gum, it seemed I would just freeze for a few seconds (or minutes?? Hard to tell), seemingly not breathing, not doing anything, until something snapped me out of it. I remember thinking that I could very well fall on the floor and pass out at any time. I understood how some people end up in the hospital from X; You CAN overdo it.
2190	3	a	We rolled for over 8 hours, leaving the club at 10:30am out of sheer exhaustion. But we were still rolling when we got to my place. I had christmas lights on my ceiling from a recent party, and they were still jittering around like mad, telling me my roll was nowhere NEAR finished. I continued to roll until about noon, when I was finally able to sleep. My friend had a hard time and had the shakes all day (she was never able to get to sleep). We didn't eat at all that day. I still felt dizzy two days afterwards. 
2191	3	a	While some of the effects were awesome, like the enhanced physical sensation of touching others, and the amazing visual light show, the actual rolling was too much. I was not in control. I've read stories at this site where people pop multiple pills - 3,4,5, even more.. This just tells me these people are doing too much and do not understand how X works. I implore you to visit www.dancesafe.org and read how X works... You need to replace your serotonin levels between X use. Taking X every day will NOT work and will probably cause damage. Even every weekend can be too much. Without supplements to rebuild your serotonin levels, X can become dangerous if you overdo it.
2192	3	a	I'm by NO MEANS an X expert. But I've had a normal, perhaps weak experience, and a way overdone experience. If I'd give any advice, I'd offer the following when you do X:
2193	3	a	1) Do NOT overdo it. I will Never, NEVER, do 2 pills again in one night. If you are taking 2,3,4,5 or more pills at a time, this is UNHEALTHY. The feeling of X is incredible, absoultely, but you cannot keep popping pills hoping the effect will hit you. You have to know how X works. It's not the MDMA making you feel the way you do - it is your body's own serotonin being released. If you've burned it all up, you're only doing damage to your system if you keep filling it with MDMA. From NOW on, I will start with 1/2 a pill, and take the second half if necessary.
2194	3	a	3) Go with friends. While I had a good time alone, I recognized my mistake. I'll never do X alone again.
2195	3	a	4) Chew gum. One side effect is gritting your teeth, or clenching your jaws (there's a very disturbing story on this site about a girl breaking her teeth, she was clamping down so hard)... Continuously chewing gum will keep you from damaging yourself.
2196	3	a	5) Have a great time. I find myself often thinking back to the great feeling of X, and honestly, I can't wait until I do it again. BUT, I'm keeping this in check, and I know that the longer I wait, the better it will be, because my serotonin will be back at 'normal' levels, and the MDMA will be ready to work. WAIT. I know, it's great. But just give yourself some breathing room and do it occasionally, and everything should be fine.
2197	3	a	Sorry for going on so much. I hope that helped.
2198	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2199	3	a	MDMA (3) : Rave / Dance Event (18), Glowing Experiences (4), First Times (2), General (1)
2200	3	a	1. I did not take medication 2 weeks prior to this experience. 
2201	3	a	2. I have explored many various psychoactives in the past. 
2202	3	a	3. I am a mellow individual with very little stress. 
2203	3	a	This particular pill was not tested to be 100% mdma, but I have tried many mdma pills in the past that were proven to be pure so I know what the feeling is like (although I am aware other chemicals carry almost identical effects) 
2204	3	a	Mindset: Happy about getting another mdma experience, anticipating the well-known effects, and eager to experience them with my girlfriend/partner who has never tried it before. 
2205	3	a	Setting: A clean, quiet, and comfortable living room/bedroom. No interruption. In the presence of my trusted girlfriend and my Trip sitter who was also there watching television in another room. 
2206	3	a	Experience: My partner and I swallowed the pills at the same time, both having only eaten once that day, 5 hours before taking the pills. 2+ hours after consuming the mdma, we both felt a complete nothing. Rather disappointed I went and got a light beer for my partner and I to share. We both drank the beer quickly. Another 30 minutes later we felt nothing. After we decided the tablet wasn't any good, we both drank another beer.
2207	3	a	Before I knew what was happening I was shot into an exhilarating peak. The standard physical side effects were noticed along with the empathetic effects so commonly reported. Soon after I came on the experience, my partner began to feel immediate effects also. 
2208	3	a	For the next 30 minutes of the peak, it was great, like a standard MDMA 'roll.' My partner and I then walked to my room to sit on my bed and talk and show affection. 
2209	3	a	Something strange then happened to the both of us, and we only realized it when it was over. Suddenly we both started crying as the peak became so intense it was shocking. Our eyes went through severe nystagmus, and through a blurry focus, we stared into each other's eyes repeating delirious phrases of love. It was as if we were caught in a time warp or a loop that prevented our thoughts from leaving the feelings of love and each other. I did not experience one thought aside from my concentration on her. I did not know anything even existed; I even lost thought of physical feeling. I couldn't feel the tears in my eyes, or my body on the bed. 
2210	3	a	The next thing we both remember we are sitting on our bed holding each other, now in the presence of my trip sitter. 
2211	3	a	Definitely a unique experience, although I am not sure I want to be in that position again as it was pretty frightening. 
2212	3	a	The next day I had a light headache and I was restless from the night before. Many people report feeling depressed with a longing for the feelings you experience on mdma - This time, surprising, it was not the case. The next day had a brilliant positive energy flowing throughout it. I had a heightened appreciation for everything I was involved in. I became more respectful to everyone I encountered that following day. Even though I was abnormally happy I felt as though it was pure and real not residing effects from a drug. 
2213	3	a	Note: I did not test the pill at all. Since I have never encountered this experience from mdma, I am apt to blame it on [something other than mdma  --editor]. 
2214	3	a	Overall: It seems almost impossible to explain these remarkable feelings through words that feel so empty... The climax of my trip was not only mind-blowing, shocking, and thrilling; it has become a very meaningful part of my life that has even furthered my interest in exploring my mind.
2215	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2216	3	a	MDMA (3), Alcohol - Beer/Wine (199) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Relationships (44), Hangover / Days After (46), What Was in That? (26), Glowing Experiences (4), Difficult Experiences (5), Combinations (3), General (1)
2217	3	a	It is currently the 2nd of January 2001, and the night I am referring to was a couple of days ago. This is going to take me ages to type because my arms are sore! I am a fun, generally well behaved, outgoing 18 year old. I am writing this report mainly to try and shut myself up as my mates are becoming annoyed with my incessant ramblings about this night! Also because I remember it fairly well and would like to share it before it is lost. It's long and maybe not exactly what erowid is looking for, but me brain is not functioning to full effect right now, I can still feel the ecstasy in my body, slowing down my thought patterns :) Anyway, here goes...
2218	3	a	PS. I apologise in advance for the length of this thing, didn't mean it to become so huge but it just happened. Hope it's worth it ;)
2219	3	a	The date, 31st December year 2000, we had been planning this night for the last two months, we were to visit one of the biggest underground dance events in the UK on this night, it was to last for 11hours, starting at 7pm and stretching over the welcoming of the new year right through until 6am. When I refer to 'we', I mean me and a friend, there were other people we knew who were there, but only 2 of us stuck together. We had aquired some White Shark skunk the day before, and we smoked a fair quantity of this on the way down, probably about 5 or 6 very potent and packed reefers on the coach journey down there, as well as drinking a few cans of lager each.
2220	3	a	During the last hour or so of the coach journey, I began to experience mild anxiety and 'butterflies in the stomach' due to anticipation of what was to come. I can vouch that this was nothing to do with the weed or alcohol, as I have been drinking for many years and smoking cannabis pretty much every day for longer than I've been drinking, so I am used to that.
2221	3	a	I had taken ecstasy on two previous occasions, a friday and a saturday night of the same weekend, each night ingesting half a tablet and chilling out at home. I noticed I was very talkative and became mildly hyper-active. The morning after the 2nd night I felt very drained and this stretched out for a few days.
2222	3	a	Never before had I been to a 'rave' of any description, I have been out to regular clubs on many occasions and got very drunk, but never gone out specifically to dance my nuts off all night on ecstasy. When we arrived at the venue, they placed us in a queue, which seemed very strange to me as we had paid extra for VIP entrance. It was freezing cold (always bloody is in england) and after about 20 minutes a security guard came to escort our coach party into the place.
2223	3	a	After passing through airport-esque metal detectors and strangely not getting body-searched by the bouncers (everyone else seemed to) we were finally in, around 7pm. The venue was split between 3 seperate warehouses, each seperated by about 20feet of freezing cold harsh outside where there was also a fairground. 99% of the people coming in through the entrance seemed to go straight to the least noisy warehouse, which, upon following them, we discovered to be the 'chillout area'. This contained a large (with insane queues) cloakroom, a merchandise stall, lots of sony playstations and a huge cinema screen. The floor was lined with beanbags, couches, and hundreds (thousands?) of people. All was calm.
2224	3	a	Our friends dropped their pills at around 9pm, but we did not, we got a bite to eat and dropped the first pill at around 10:30pm, and proceeded straight to the first of the two warehouses which were pumping out the sounds. As I entered, the first thing that struck me was the sheer volume. There was, in total, over two hundred and twenty thousand (yes, 220K+) watts of sickening music power, and this warehouse was the loudest. It housed the drum and bass arena (our favourite), with insane lighting effects, inflatables, multiple levels, digital video projection walls, entertainers, you name it, they had it. Anyway as I entered, everyone seemed to be moving in a very trance-like way, all synchronised with the music. My friend had been to such events before (none so immense mind you :]) and he instantly joined them, whereas I found it harder. I went to get a beer and stood at the bar marvelling at the sheer bass that my favourite kind of music was presenting to me. The atmosphere of the place was something else. Everyone knew this night was history in the making, two of the biggest underground dance event organizers in the same place, each with a seperate warehouse.
2225	3	a	Around 20 minutes later my friend decided he was to drag me into the center of the crowd, the middle of the arena infront of the DJ where the lights took full effect. I danced for around 10 minutes and soon began to realise I was 'coming up'. It had seemed to take a while, probably because I had eaten a lot. Anyway it became a LOT easier to dance, almost necessary, there was some strange incessant feeling to rave to the music. I saw a lot of people with flashing lights, and was particularly enchanted by the yellow glow sticks a lot of people had. I grabbed my friend and told him I was to go and purchase some glowsticks from the merchandise stall. He came with me, and we sat here (in the chillout area) until about 11:30. As we left the chill out area at about 11:30, I dropped another half a pill (I was aware that my friend was taking more than me, but he is more experienced).
2226	3	a	Anyway back into the drum and bass arena, to witness what was to be one of the country's (world's?) finest dj's spinning the first set after the time crossover from 2000 to 2001. We stood at the back of the arena, where we could see across the top of the crowd (there were raised platforms a bit like football stands and a 2nd tier), watching in awe as everyone held up their lighters, and the happy new years celebrations started. This lasted for a minute or two, I was particularly impressed by the authenticity of the whistles and horns, making the oh-so familiar background sound to the tapes I had heard for the last few years.
2227	3	a	Then the music started. The music was absolutely stunning. I cannot describe how much I enjoyed the midnight set from (in my opinion) the best dj around, and I soon felt an inevitable urge to get as close to the dj, lasers, and speakers as possible. As we tried to move forward through the crowd, we realised that almost the entire population at this event (three arena's worth, approximately 8000 people) had packed into this one arena, to enjoy history in the making. As I was dancing (with very little space!) it became apparent that the other half a pill had kicked in and I was going mental. I danced relentlessly, as did everyone else, until this particular dj had exhausted himself and stepped down. I looked around and was slightly disturbed by the fact that my friend had not yet returned. Continue raving. Keep raving. Keep going. Probably at about 1:30am when the arena was less packed, he returned, we were probably seperated for an hour or so, unable to find each other due to only the sheer number of ravers.
2228	3	a	We returned to the chillout area and bought a few bottles of water, and I noticed how easy it was to talk to people. Every second person whom you made eye contact with would come and shake your hand, 'happy new year!', everywhere there were smiles. Anyway I felt very much awake and spaced out, as if wherever I walked I was floating. I soon realised that as there were a good four hours of raving left, I would be needing more substances. I asked my friend (who was keeping hold of our stash) for a full pill, and dropped it with no hesitation. This was the first time I'd ever dropped a full pill. We sat for around another half an hour, and as I felt my legs going all light and the rushes of energy through my body, we returned once again to the drum and bass arena. 
2229	3	a	I was coming up hard and fast, I had never experienced anything like this before, the other two halves had me dancing and this full one was kicking in full force. I soon realised that this was far too much for me, and retired to the back of the arena, where there was more space. I told my friend I was going to get some fresh air, as I began to feel ill and queezy, but not so bad as to feel I was 'going under'. I walked outside, god only knows what state I must have looked, and lent up against the nearest thing I could. I knew I was going to vomit. I began to heave, but nothing would come out, this happened every few seconds for about 30 seconds, and was horrible. A girl walked past, shouting 'smoke a cig mate, it'll help it come up faster'.
2230	3	a	I took her advice, and soon enough I was sick, such a small amount I could hardly believe I was so discomforted, and then I felt fine. Usually being sick is a disgusting experience, but this felt positively healthy, as soon as I was done I felt great, and noticed I was leaning against a police riot van, so ran back inside the arena, and returned to the calmer area at the back. After a drink of water and a few minutes to compose myself (tremendously glad my night was still going ok and I wasn't in the back of the ambulance outside!) I returned to the raving. I realised I was absolutely off my pickle. The lasers and strobes were hypnotising me, I felt totally overcome by the need to dance and did so. By this stage I had lost all grasp of time, so I will approximate using blurred visions of glances at my watch.
2231	3	a	We decided that we had spent enough time in this one arena, and visited the other warehouse, which gave home to the massive hardcore arena. During the stretch of the whole night, I only saw one person who seemed to not be high on ecstasy. He couldn't get with the rhythm and flow, he seemed out of place and anxious, unable to understand how everyone else was going so hard, so fast. I left him to it, he seemed to be enjoying himself nonetheless.
2232	3	a	I was sat in the airflow-port of one of the massive speakers when I noticed two very attractive girls who were stunningly impressive movers. One in particular caught my eye, I did feel libidinous towards her, but dancing seemed the most important thing. I floated over to them, and the girl I had been admiring seemed to be mesmerised by my glowsticks. She signalled that she wanted one of them, so I passed it to her. I found it very strange how she acted with it, having to use the other hand to wrap her fingers round it and get it locked into place, then continue dancing in this strange, almost professional looking trance-like state. Before she moved away, she returned the glowstick to me. There were other people around, I remember one incredibly spaced-out looking guy who had a keyfob, which, when shook side to side, produced a word from the LED's on the side. the word it was saying was 'X T C' and he was stood staring at me, shaking this contraption so I could see what it was saying. I went over and tried to talk to him, but he was so far-gone he could not reply to what I was saying.
2233	3	a	In the hardcore room once again I sat down on the tiers at the side, taking a well earnt rest. An older guy came over, probably 25 or so and he had a blue glowstick in each hand, the curves and rhythm with which he was moving impressed my deeply, and I felt I just had to talk to him, admiring his moves.
2234	3	a	The raving continued for another few hours, we floated between rooms, never stopping, until about 04:45 when I visited the bathroom, and witnessed some hilarious (they seemed that way to me) scenes. Picture this. Four urinals not being used. One of them is blocked and is filled to the brim with urine. One guy walks in. I conciously observed him take a good hard stare at all four urinals, then he promptly walked upto the full one, and began to relieve himself. It was overflowing, pouring all over his feet, but he was completely oblivious. He believed he was doing the right thing. Ah the effects of ecstasy :) I was brought out of my hysterical laughter by a 'bang bang' on the cubicle door in front of me, and a security guard shouting to the inhabitant, 'get out here, now!'. a few seconds later the door opened, and a lad followed by a girl emerged, each with cheeky grins on their faces, the guard just said 'get back out there raving' ;) I splashed some water on my face and returned to the hardhouse to find my friend.
2235	3	a	As the night was maturing, and we were into the not-so-small hours of the morning, I began to notice numerous people with a total ecstasy overload. I don't know the slang name for this, but it's when people's eyes close up and go like little slits, they sometimes foam at the mouth, and have moronic, almost retarded grins on their faces. It reminded me of the 'totally wasted' smiley ecstasy face that was so popular among the oldskool rave culture, and at the same time reminded me of some alien out of the X-Files or something. I found the sight of these people rather disturbing, and after asking my friend why they looked so fucked, he said it was simply 'too many pills.' They looked permanantly disfigured, but he assured me it was only temporary until the E wears off.
2236	3	a	We went into an adjacent arcade, and this was where I met the only person who showed any hostility and aggression I had seen all night. Nothing came of it, he just wanted the seat where I was, to which I obliged, not wanting any trouble. I got another couple of halves of a pill off my friend and took one, we proceeded back to the chill out area. 
2237	3	a	The music stopped. 'THANK YOU EVERYONE!!@' the MC screamed into the mic. We looked around and realised that most of the people had left. We ushered into the chill out area to try and find our coats, but could not. It struck me how much mess, beer cans, cigarette stubs lined the floor. I went to the merchandise stall to buy a t-shirt to keep me warm on the short walk to the coach. We were one of the last people to leave the venue, getting on the coach at about 6:20am, the music had finished at 6am. I was still rushing and coming up as I got onto the coach, and I can remember the driver being startled by (I assume) the deeply spaced-out look in my eyes, then some liverpudlian lad noticing me with my hands still welded to the glowsticks as I walked up the coach's central aisle, shouting 'this one's still flying!'. I retired to my seat and played with the glowsticks some more. By about 6:30am we were moving. My friend rolled up a couple of fat reefers and within about an hour he was asleep, but I could not relax. I sat talking to a few of the other people on the coach, noticing half of them were still as pilled up as I was, and smoked weed. I was not becoming stoned. In fact it seemed to do very little. As the inevitable paranoia began to engulf me, it became light outside.
2238	3	a	By around 7:30 it was fully light and most were asleep. I stared at the headrest of the seat in front of me, trying to fall into a slumber, and I realised that I was hallucinating. I was not expecting to halucinate off ecstasy, I have take shrooms and LSD before, but this was different, seeing distinct objects. Any flat surface I was looking at vibrated, as if it was the cone of a loudspeaker, in time to the music (drum and bass) which was being played on the coach radio. We stopped at a service station around 8am for some food, but I was not hungry. There was another coach parked next to each other, and I kept getting that very strange feeling that the other coach was moving forward, or we were moving backwards, or vice versa. In truth neither moved a single inch. I stared out the window, looking at the 3 bands of colour which were the sky, the white coach trim and the coach window, and this space became my own drawing board in which my vision was distorted and I hallucinated all kinds of things. They were rapidly changing, but nothing evil, a pleasant experience, it probably helped that I had tripped before.
2239	3	a	The people who had eaten soon returned and the coach headed off. After some more hallucinations I fell into a deep sleep, and woke a few hours later to find us almost home. I was recognising landmarks which we had passed on the outbound journey, and I was no longer hallucinating. My glowsticks had expired. I was coming down. I still felt a few rushes through my body, but nothing great. We soon arrived in our home town, and I left the coach leaving my second pair of trainers on there. That's what I get for taking pills huh, I'm not usually a forgetful person.
2240	3	a	We got a taxi home to my friends house, arriving there about 12noon yesterday (new years day) and retired to bed almost straight away. I woke at about 5pm and we got out of bed, I had come down almost completely, but I did not feel bad. I was expecting the much dreaded 'come down' but I just felt tired. My jaw was sore as were my gums, and I had bruised backs of middle fingers from where the glowsticks had been lodged all night. We headed out at around 8pm to another friend’s house, to gloat, and tell everyone how foolish they had been to not come with us on this night to top all nights! I realised that it had been almost 24 hours since I had last eaten anything, so we ordered a pizza. We finished off the last of our skunk and I made it home for about midnight. I slept for about 12 hours, and I felt fine and dandy in the morning. Maybe it was because I had raved all the ecstasy off, I don't know. The come down from the half a pill a few months earlier had been like 100x worse than this, almost nonexistent one. They were the exact same pills too. Huge dirty phat things.
2241	3	a	I guess it's the atmosphere that made this night so good, thousands of people all there to have a good time, no-one causing trouble. I felt secure. I would go to the next rave that is happening but I will end up spending half my months wages on raving, and besides, I have a car to run and exams to think about. After I leave college this year, I am taking a gap year before university and will probably hammer the pills like hell and go to as many raves as possible. Now I know what to expect, and a much greater awareness of the culture and how to pace myself, I can't wait to return.
2242	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2243	3	a	MDMA (3) : Glowing Experiences (4), General (1), Rave / Dance Event (18)
2244	3	a	This an experience I enjoy talking about not because it was a beneficial and pleasant one, but I now realize how great it feels to be comfortable and sitting in front of my computer instead of in a situation that I never, ever want to be in again.
2245	3	a	I never indulge in less than one hit of *e* at a time so I told my buddy to get me three hits of these tablets called 'pure loves'.
2246	3	a	When we arrived @ the event around midnight, I already had butterflies in my stomach from the anticipation of partying once again.  There was no time to waste so my buddy and I both dropped a tab and began to meander around the fairgrounds to absorb the festivities.  We decided to find the room that Oakie and BT were spinning so we could get a good spot on the dance floor.  Once we found the trance room, BT was just beginning his set.  This is when I noticed the usual numbing and weak-feelings associated with the first wave of the drug, but I also noticed something more powerful on this occasion.  It wasn't the usual, 'I'm ready to dance feeling,' but overall I was pretty fucked up, overwhelmed, and really FEELING the music.  I was so pumped up for the night that I took the other two tablets.  When Oakenfold came on, I only recall bits and pieces of the set b/c I was in another world.  The songs were extremely intense and satisfying.  I usually dance the night away, but on this occasion I just stood there dunbfounded, with my hands over my head occasionally glancing at my buddy to see how he was doing.  I could definitely tell the feeling was mutual.  I was very content, but not extremely euphoric.  I was more clueless and brain-dead than anything.  Yes, it was kind of frightening to be  that 'zombie-like,' not knowing how to take a picture with a camera or put cigarettes back into a carton.  Pretty pathetic, huh?  Thats what I thought...er believed at the time.  My vision was so skewed that I couldn't tell what was dancing next to me...a cute girl or a troll.  I had to keep telling myself that it was a cute girl.  I enjoy being fucked up, but it felt as if my mind was completely depleted of neurons.
2247	3	a	Anyway, the worst was yet to come.  I was standing there with my buddy admist a crowd of euphoric ravers when all of a sudden, the lights came on and the music stopped.  I can't describe the feeling I had at the time when I looked around at a bunch of clueless individuals being harrased by an onslaught of cops.  I was sitting down and smoking a cigarette when a cop scared the hell out of my buddy and I into leaving the venue.  We had no idea what to do nor where to go...so we just followed the crowd.  I was still tripping pretty hard when we met a really cool couple and decided to follow them since they knew what was going on.  It didn't occur to me that something was different about this *e* until I tried to converse with the others.  It was a struggle to get all the words out of my mouth for a sentence.  I wasn't sure if anyone else coulld tell, but it really struck me when the couple said they had taken the 'pure loves' as well.  They were really knowledgable ravers and extremely nice people, but it scared the hell out of me when I saw their reaction to my response of how many hits we had taken.  They had only taken a half tab each and appeared to be rolling pretty hard.
2248	3	a	Either way, my buddy and I had nothing to do and were too fucked up to drive since the cops were closing the event...at 4 in the morning!  Luckily we had our 2 friends to guide us to another after party.  Of course, as luck would have it, there was no after party...but instead, someone played a cruel trick and posted a bunk one on a flier...which happened to be on a make-belief street.  I remember spending three hours triping hard (*e* has never lasted this long at this level of power) and following a crowd of zombie-looking ravers to a party that never existed.  It was pure hell...having the effects of the *e* wear off...only to see the real evil in the town and in all its residents and ravers.  It was straight out of Jacob's Ladder, the movie.
2249	3	a	My buddy and I were really exhausted at this point, but restless and scared at the whole situation we were in...helpless in a foreign land with really frightening looking people.  'Pure Loves' baby!
2250	3	a	It was about seven in the morning and already 90 degrees and we had parted ways with our friends after they were kind enough to drop us off at our car. (We would have never found it on our own.) My buddy was still rolling hard, but I was in the 'death' phase...unable to sleep, frightened, and seeing still objects breathing.  I just wanted to get the hell out of dodge!!!
2251	3	a	We tried to sleep in the car, but that was impossible.  I made a decision to drive home, which was the hardest thing I have ever done in my life.  I was definitely not all there psychologically, but nevertheless...  The drive was incredibly tough because my vision was so altered and my mind a bowl of jello.  It was a two and a half hour drive that seemed an eternity.  To top it off, most of the road was single laned...next to a cliff.  Oh god...and to top it off, halfway home, I saw a bunch of people waving cars to continue on past them.  I slowed down to avoid hitting them and saw, in slow motion, a woman crushed in a car that had toppled over.  Horrible...and image I will never forget.
2252	3	a	Home...finally got there and went straight to the shower.  It didn't do me any good.  I tried to lay in bed, but there was no way I was going to sleep.  All I could think about were the horrible images I saw all night and day...restless as hell.  I remembered that I promised to call my girlfriend to tell her I was home safely, but when I called I got her mom instead.  Out of nowhere, she starts yelling (mind you..I'm still fucked up in the head from the trip) at me about finding out from my girfriend that I do GHB and such...that she's going to call the cops and tell my mother if I ever speak to her daughter again.  One can imagine the thoughts that went through my mind for the rest of the day, night, and the next day without any sleep.  I wanted to cry, but wouldn't let myself...I was just glad to be alive and home.
2253	3	a	The thoughts that went through my head starting on the comedown from the 'pure loves' are indescribable to this day.  It falls somewhere between evil and deathlike.  I'm sure it was the entire situation that intensified the comedown, but boy...it was tough either way.  The acid comedown kicked in right where the e-ish effects left off.  Not a good sequence of timing if you ask me.  
2254	3	a	Writing this article surely brought back the hidden evil memories I experienced, but I am so glad and relieved that I feel safe and comfortable now..like right now I mean.  I have taken ecstacy about 4 times since then and  now appreciate the euphoria associated with the drug...but I still hate the comedown.
2255	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2256	3	a	MDMA (3) : Rave / Dance Event (18), General (1)
2257	3	a	I had dropped before but I only had half a tab of red snow. I went out to party but all I got was nothing, thought it was over rated. 
2258	3	a	One weekend my friend asked me to join their group so I did. Once I got there they were handing them out so it took 1 new superman tab. The place was just a big living room with all the furniture pushed to the sides with mattresses on the floor with room enough to dance and a dj at the end, and was very dimly lighted. At first I thought that nothing was going to happen, but people around me were all suddenly peaking people fainting people hugging people spinning it was wild, all of a sudden the room came to life and everything started to feel better. I decided to get up from my seat to look around and that’s when it hit me! 
2259	3	a	I suddenly felt all warm and slight dizziness but that was alright. My friends walked up to me to ask if I was feeling alright and I said yes. That’s when the party really started picking up and I started to jump dance and move around. For someone of my build I do not dance at all, I'm more of a spectator but for that night I felt like dancing and didn’t care what they were thinking. 
2260	3	a	So I danced the night away with a feeling of over all goodness/wellness, I felt smug like nothing bad was going to happen, I mingled with the people made a new friend or so. The music seemed to keep getting better and better and there I was about to peak when my friends decided to take me for a spin. They spun me like I have never before been spun and now I know what it does it totally disoriented, adding to the already slight intoxication I felt from the pill. After that I took some time out to curl up with my girlfriend who I brought along who only after 10 mins was hit, while it takes me longer to feel anything that’s why at first I thought it was over rated. 
2261	3	a	To make a long story short the place, crowd, ambience, music and company made a world of difference. Only when I am away from all that hustle and bustle of daily routines do you feel this extraordinary sense of belongingness. The general mood of the night was that of joy and carefree. The people I was with were all on it and had lots of experience and they all understood what one can do on it so they did not react. I can’t stress the point enough that it is the mood, company, and place that maximized the soothing effect.
2262	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2263	3	a	MDMA (3) : First Times (2), General (1), Large Group (10+) (19)
2264	3	a	I have always wanted to try E, and the first time i did , i made the mistake of drinking about 3-4 beers and the mistake of doing it around alot of strangers and the mistake of doing it just by myself, and i must say it wasn;t quite the experience i was hoping for. I was very quiet and in a shitty mood. So you would think i would learn from my experience, about 4-6 weeks later i took another pill at home on a nice sunny day, and i started to feel the effects of this amazing drug, but once again, for some reason, i felt the need to have a few beers, and then my e feelings were gone, another waste. My experience is that alcohol kills the effects of xtc.
2265	3	a	So i vowed to myself to try it again and DO NOT drink any alcohol.
2266	3	a	I wanted my g/f to try it with me, but she was paranoid, so i took it by myself. I was just sitting in our place with her, just hanging out, when about after 45mins after i took my pill i started to feel this beautiful europhic feeling come over me. I just felt so good, and i wanted to listen to music, so we played some cd's. about an hour and 1/2 had past and i was feeling better and better as the minutes went on. I had to get up and dance, so we started to dance to the music that was playing, it didn;t matter what was playing, it sounded so good. And the feelings i had towards my g/f were growing out of control. I started to get really close and feeling her up as we were dancing, everytime she touched me it felt so wonderful. And once we started to kiss, it felt so good, like nothing ever felt this good before. I kept telling her this is the best time i've ever had in my life. I tried to explain how great i was feeling, but just couldn;t find the words. it was so amazing. After dancing for a couple of hrs, we laid down on the couch and started making out.
2267	3	a	I was looking into her eyes and every feature on her body was so beautiful, her eyes were the most beautiful thing i've ever seen, i couldn;t stop staring at them and her face, she slowly started to touch me and i swear i never felt so good as i did then. I started beathing very heavily and making noises, just from kissing and being touched very lightly around my groin area. It was like i was having an orgasm, but actually wasn't. She couldn;t believe how i was starting to get off from so little effort. Her hair was so beautiful looking and her lips, everything was so clear and magnified. I was so hot for her. Then we went into the bedroom and she stripped me and took off her clothes. She looked absolutely amazing, her breasts, everything was so beautiful and wonderful. I started to touch her and kiss her all over her body and i can't even explain how great it felt. She started to stroke my penis and i've never felt so good, it was like complete heaven. it was like any other sexual encounter magnified by 1000 times over and over. I won't go into details, but once we started to have sex, i was in complete ecstasy, now i know why they call it that. The best sex of my life, it lasted for about 2 hrs. and once i was on the verge of orgasm, i freaked out, i started screaming in complete pleasure, yelling and moaning like an animal, grabbing the pillow with one hand as hard as i could, and the other hand was holding onto a piece of wooded rack, i was squeezing so hard i broke the wood in half, biting my lip very hard, i couldn't believe how great it felt. and the orgasm felt like it lasted much much longer than any other. My girlfriend had to put a pillow over my mouth becasue her parents were upstairs sleeping and i was out of control with the noises i was making. I was almost in tears from it, that's how great it felt, it was so amazing, just looking up at this beautiful, sexy girl, giving me the time of my life as i came. Nothing could compare to it.
2268	3	a	Sex never felt so good, as i found out the next night. Nothing will compare to having sex on E. Even before the sex, i was still aroused to be around her and having her touching me, in a sensual way also.
2269	3	a	Now i am going to try to convince her to try it with me, i can only imagine how much greater everything will be if we both did it at the same time.
2270	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2271	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Sex Discussion (14), Glowing Experiences (4), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2272	3	a	       This is my second use of MDMA, and I remain gratefull that I can set my own doses reliably (I was able to obtain a small ammount of pure powder from a chemist.)    A friend and I both dosed up while on a camping trip beneath the stars (with the recent meteor showers, no less!)   He took about 125 mg (he's about my size.)    I had planned to take more but chickened out at the last minute.    The MDMA was taken on a full stomach (a tasty stew, yum!   I had taken 50 mg of 5HTP (the health food supliment/seratonin precursor) about two hours before, and took another 100 mg an hour after the experience.    The trip was spent talking (intently, of course ;-) with the even higher friend, but here's the highlights:
2273	3	a	        First, no nausea on onset whatsoever--the MDMA came on very smooth and gently about 50 minutes after ingestion (some tingling sensations started about 15 min before onset.)  In retrospect, don't doctors usually tell you to take a pill WITH food if it might cause an upset stomach?   Why not do the same with our drugs of choice?
2274	3	a	         On the other end of the trip, after I was down (about six hours from ingestion) I went to bed (in the very dark) and noticed I was able to produce a very delicate visual of stars sliding through my visual field, a little like falling snow.   This was almost certainly inspired by the gorgeous stars overhead during the trip, and goes to show that, yes, there is just a tiny sliver of a hallucinogenic quality to MDMA.   Very nice--a little post-high bonus.   I was tired the next day, but not too badly.  The second day I was positively filled with energy, contrasted with the last time I used MDMA (I didn't take any 5HTP then) and was seriously wiped out for two days.  One data point does not a connection make, but I'd suggest giving 5HTP a try if you find yourself tired the day(s) after a trip.
2275	3	a	        But...and this is the real meat of it...from this trip I think I finally have a good grasp of the drug's psychological effects.   At first I thought of it as removing your fears, but that's not quite it:   The sense of self preservation is still perfectly intact.    Now, I would rather confidently describe the effect as a dissabling of ego-defense mechanisms.   On MDMA I was very open about the things that I really wanted to talk about but was afraid to share, while still having no trouble holding my tounge about other personal information (which fits government research that determined MDMA wasn't usefull as a 'truth serum'.)    I would theorize that when bad things happen to people we tend to try to supress them, denying the importance of the injuries we have suffered ('I'm not that weak!  I don't care!) or the harm we have done to others ('Hey, I wasn't that bad a person!)   The strange, extraordinary effect of the MDMA was that, for a few precious hours, I was able to face it all without evasion:  Yes, people really HAD hurt me that badly, and yes, I had really hurt other people that badly and there was no good excuse.   And in that moment of absolute, unblinking emotional honesty comes the chance to forgive.   To forgive yourself for the rotten things you've done out of pain or fear.   To forgive the rotten things that have been done to you by people suffering from their own pain and fear, because, having let yourself understand their motivations, you no longer hate them.     Facing your inner feelings without fear, you begin to understand.   As you begin to understand, you become able to forgive and embrace yourself and others without resentment of what's past and gone.   It's been weeks since this experience, and I still feel like singing in public (and believe me, I'm no Pavoratti.)  A weight on my soul has been lifted.   MDMA is not an answer--but it may give the chance to find the answers to your problems yourself.
2276	3	a	        To be perfectly honest, I had regarded the claims of MDMA as an invaluable aid to psychological therapy with great skepticism, envisioning a movie drunk patting a hip flask and winking, saying 'for medicinal purposes, of course.'    Yah, right, you evil druggies just want to get high.    Jesus, what a shortsighted view of the world.   Considering we get raised on moron-drugs like alcohol it's no wonder people don't apreciate how rich and subtle some psychoactives can be until we try them.     What is an hour of perfect honesty and acceptance of yourself worth to the anorexic?   What is the chance to face the past and let go of it without fear or anger worth to a crime or accident victim or the terminally ill?   That MDMA was taken away from even medical professionals is truly a crime against the mental health of our society.    Any idiot can score MDMA on the streetcorner or at the club or even at school and the government thinks having it available to licensed doctors is going to suddenly make it available on the streets?   It's already available to anybody who wants it.  Total criminalization has nothing to do with keeping it off the streets and everything to do with trying to keep the drug from being thought of as potentially beneficial--the politics of the drug war simply have no room for anything but a moralized absolutist position of 'all drugs are evil for all people at all times no matter what.'     It is the tragedy of the prohibition war that the greatest enemy of my life, liberties, and property isn't a foreign power or terrorists or even criminals--it is my government.
2277	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2278	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), General (1), Health Benefits (32), Glowing Experiences (4)
2279	3	a	Understandably, many people may feel uncomfortable with the idea of sticking a drug up one's ass. I, however, enjoy this route of administration for certain substances. I usually feel less of a toxic load, less stomach upset, and a smoother ramp up. Why people find it ok to shoot up and taboo to talk about rectal administration is completely mysterious to me.
2280	3	a	Anyway, for the experience in question. First time trying MDMA rectally. 100mg was dissolved in sterile water, put in a dropper syringe, and inserted rectally. Within 20 minutes, I found that my headspace and significantly altered: I was suddenly, yet smoothly pulled to the peak experience that usually happens to me about 1 hour after oral administration. The ramp up, unlike with the oral ingestion, was completely smooth: a clean transition, with none of the usual bumpiness I often associate with MDMA coming on. I also seemed to come down much faster, but again, quite smoothly, and I found the the ecstatic rush was over within an hour and a half or so, even though I had an afterglow that lasted for a few hours. 
2281	3	a	In concluding, I could differentiate the rectal route from the oral one by comparing it with the difference between travelling on a prop engine plane, as opposed to a private jet: the former choice offers a bumpy, yet longer ride, while the latter, a smoother, yet shorter one.
2282	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2283	3	a	MDMA (3) : Unknown Context (20), Glowing Experiences (4), General (1)
2284	3	a	Friday night I went to a rave and bought X for my girlfriend and I.  It was going under the supposedly reputable brandname (like that means anything) 'yellow C.K.' and I trusted my source.  However I didn't exactly get what I bargained for.
2285	3	a	My girlfriend, M____, and I dropped before 1 AM and went out onto the floor.  She bit her tablet in half while I took all of mine.  After over an hour neither of us were affected so she finished hers off.  By 2:30 AM a friend of mine, G____, found me and asked how my high was.  Nothing typical of a X high was happening.  I had plenty of energy, dancing was rad, but nothing had hit me with the usual 'ton-o-bricks.'  There was no tactile effects, and little euphoria.  He bought the same and was unimpressed with the results.  He wandered off to start digging around to see if anyone had tested it, or knew anything about 'yellow C.K.' while I went to the Chill room to find M____.  
2286	3	a	   When I found her we sat down on a mattress and started talking, and talking, and talking...  By nearly 4 AM we started feeling a worthwhile X high, but it felt like we skipped the peak and went to the plataeu.  I was also INCREDIBLY fidgety...  I have never felt such a need to play with something.  Not on anything.
2287	3	a	   I also felt more talkative than ever in my lifetime.  I debated/talked about a myriad different things (worthwhile or not) with everyone who came by, my level of understanding was huge.  I tried dancing for a while and had a seemingly endless energy supply.  But I wanted to talk too much.  I spent the rest of the night in nearly the same place talking to whomever wandered by.  
2288	3	a	   M___ and I left the party and were back at my place by 8 AM.  When we stopped the car I started talking again, in the driveway, for another hour and a half...  Common sense more than anything told us we SHOULD be tired so went went to bed.  In bed we talked...  And talked...  By this point we were obviously suspicious that there was a little (a lot?) more in our X than MDMA or MDA.
2289	3	a	   As interesting as my high was, the comedown was shit, just utter shit.  Not like after a night on X.  My pupils were dilated, sometimes painfully, until I woke up Sunday morning (I dropped on Fri.)  I didn't even sleep until 5AM Saturday night, even then I had to force myself.  I spent all Saturday in bed, dizzy, sick, headache, everything.  I knew I was hungry and thirsty, but I couldn't hold anything down.  I tried to sleep it off but my eyelids refused to stay shut.  M___ felt the same, so did everyone I've talked to since who tried the same stuff.
2290	3	a	   I heard from G___ that 'yellow C.K.' was supposedly stuffed full of meth...  Could be, it makes sense, but I'd never been on meth before (didn't plan on it either).  Nothing like the reliability that comes with buying Ecstacy huh?
2291	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2292	3	a	MDMA (3) : Various (28), What Was in That? (26), General (1)
2293	3	a	We left to the rave around 1-1:30AM and didn't arrive till 2:15AM or so. Completely and utterly sober, we entered the venue, ready to breakout with whatever the night held for us. Immediately two friends were put on 'Roll Patrol' and went off searching for our dose of the commercially named 'ravers drug', Ecstacy. In the mean time, a few friends and myself proceeded to mingle through the dance floor, sliding through the crowd with slick motion, as to not disturb anyone already in a trance, till we found 'our' spot for the night. Then the focus on the music came and most other things became irrlevent once again and I let the music take me. Every so often I was broke out of this trance, but at this time it was my friend back with my roll. Unaware of what kind the pill was, I put it into my mouth, swallowed and continued my movement.
2294	3	a	We left the venue early that night, we had come across quite a few other party goers that we had known from a few instances before and invited them back to my friends house to chill the night away with us and the gladly accepted the invitation. Once I got back into the van that we had driven there, it started. I started feeling weird, not like my heart was going to explode, or that there was something physically wrong with me, but I got the bad vibe. The vibe that you get when you are in a situation that you know is wrong, everything around you is wrong, you shouldn't be here, you should be somewhere else. I couldn't understand why I got this vibe, because I was around all my friends, everyone was smiling, no one felt this way but me, so I kept it to myself for the ride back to his house.
2295	3	a	As I got out of the van in the driveway at home, my girlfriend, who was rolling for her first time, ran up to me and gave me a big hug and looked at me and asked what was wrong. All I replied was that something was wrong and I was going to lay down and she should go downstairs with the others. I didn't want my bad roll to affect hers, I have had many many enlightening experiences while on Ecstacy and I didn't want my bad one to make hers a bad one, becuase I thought she was enjoying herself quite a bit.
2296	3	a	We walked inside and I made my way past the people standing in the entrance way to my friends bedroom where I figured I'd lay awake for a lil' while chillin and slowly drift off to sleep as the roll wore off. But instead she came with me.
2297	3	a	At that point I was so afraid that I was freaking her out about me and that I was causing her to have a bad roll that I almost didn't want her in the room with me. I'm glad she stayed. I didn't move, but for a brief ride, out of that bed for the rest of the night. It was so amazing. Being there with her at that moment just blew the bad feelings away. We laid there in each others arms, me loving every second of her touch of the aura that she put off. 
2298	3	a	We never did more than kiss that night and I don't regret it. It wasn't about physical pleasure, it was about the connection that was felt, how one person made the other one feel. That feeling was so powerful and moving, I'd never felt anything like it. To this day, five of the seven nights of a week, I go to bed thinking about that night and recapturing just a bit of that feeling. 
2299	3	a	But there's an underlying secret in all of this. I love that drug, I love that girl, and in the end I know I can get that feeling by just being with her. The part the drug played that night was not to multiply my feelings for her, but to share in a world that just the two of us were in. It was a new experience for both of us (even though I had done Ecstacy before), I love the experience but even more important, I love knowing sober I can still get my 'fix' by being with her.
2300	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2301	3	a	MDMA (3) : Various (28), Difficult Experiences (5), General (1)
2302	3	a	This past weekend, while camping out in the desert, I had one of the most phenomenal experiences of my life.  A  group of my friends and I set out to camp for the weekend, with the intention of hanging out, enjoying the outdoors and catching up with each other, since we all live far apart and don't normally have the chance.  The  first night we were there, one of my friends(we'll call him G)announced that he had brought enough ecstacy for all of us, and that if we wanted to, we could drop with him that night.
2303	3	a	We had all done it before.  However, this night was different.  I had never dropped with any of them.  I live far away from them, and the times I had done E was all spent with a couple of friends in my area, friends I knew but wasn't very close to, but never them.  At first, i was a little bit hesitant; we were out in the desert and I was concerned about becoming dehydrated or possibly awaking all of the other campers around us.  I was also concerned that, incase something happened that required a hospital, there were none around for about 75 miles.  So I dismissed the idea, and so did everyone else.
2304	3	a	The next day, as we were setting out for a hike, G told us that he was going to bring his E with him, because he felt that it would be a better experience to drop out in nature, near the water, and somewhere besides our campsite.  At this point, I had rethought my hesitancy from the night before, and decided that I was going to join him while I had this opportunity.  Things all fell into place and next thing I knew, everyone was wanting to drop.  We packed up ALOT of water, some candy we had lying around and some pacifiers(for the hardcore jawclenchers)and went off on our hike.
2305	3	a	As we reached the end of our hike, where the trail opened up onto this awesome expanse of cold, rocky river, we all dropped together.  As we played in the water, the effects began to hit us.  First, I had this initial wave of anxiety and fear; does everyone know whats happening to me?  Can they tell I'm sweating?  After that wore off, the feeling of the cold river water and the absolute brilliance of the sun shining down through the canyon we were in took over.  I felt completely at one with the water...the sun...the rocks under my feet....and most of all, my friends.  As we stood knee-deep in the cold water splashing and playing, we would stop, and hug each other and it was such a warm feeling of oneness and love that it is hard to put into words.  I don't think I have ever felt water so cold, so refreshing, and canyon walls so red and vibrant.  I also don't think I have ever felt as close to my friends as I did at that point.  When a breeze started to pick up, I remember just sitting down in the water and letting the breeze run through my hair and thinking that it was the most refreshing, most alive feeling I have ever felt.
2306	3	a	As we walked back to our campground, we all walked, hand in hand, holding each other, each encouraging the other to drink, and to have a lollipop to make sure their jaw wouldn't hurt the next day.  We all cared for each other and watched out for each other.  As we got back to our campground, we were all content just sitting down on the cold ground in a circle and spilling our emotions.  I don't think I have ever talked this deeply with my friends in my life.  We talked about relationships with lovers, with each other, past relationships, feelings about our futures, feelings about family problems...everything!  It was such a feeling of relief to finally talk to people about things going on in my head that concerned me, and have them smile at me, and accept them as part of me....then lean over and give me a hug, or drop some lotion on my hands and begin to knead them tenderly.  It was an awesome feeling.  After the campfire was started up, it began to produce shadows that flickered off of the person next to us, and the trailers it was producing, especially when looking through our holographic glasses made me feel so aware of everything that was going around me....the shadows, the sound of the crickets, the sound of wood snapping under someone's foot.  I have never felt this emotionally attached to any group of people or any place as I did that night.
2307	3	a	Soon as the effects began to wear off, we started to drink some wine.  For me, the effects were still somewhat there and the wine tasted better than anything I had ever tasted.  I could taste all of the flavours culminating in it.  That continued on this total feeling of warmth and awareness I experienced that really couldn't be duplicated.
2308	3	a	Later that night a small group of us broke off from the larger group(who had indulged in some Soma as their effects were wearing off, and were content laying in their tent with each other)and took a short walk back to the river.  There, we sat mostly in silence, closing our eyes to listen to everything around us and drinking it in.  It was nice during this time to just be silent with people you care about and hold their hand, just enjoying the sound, and the feeling of the wind.  I have never felt so comfortable or at ease in my life.  I have always had self esteem issues, and for that night, with my friends, they all were inconsequential.  I opened up and was ok with the silence around me, something I would normally be paranoid about.
2309	3	a	I have to thank both the E and my friends for this experience, because I think it wouldn;t have been the same if either of the two hadn't been present.  I have never felt as close to them as I do now after the experience because I now know that these people, who I only saw as acquaintances before, are now friends.
2310	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2311	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Nature / Outdoors (23), General (1)
2312	3	a	10:20 pm ingested one blue fish orally. psychosomatic feeling almost immediately afterwards.
2313	3	a	10:51 pm feel like i'm taking off. (note: this is highly unusual. it should have taken an hour to effect me, but i was obviously rolling after 40 minutes.)
2314	3	a	11:34 pm speedy as hell- rising and falling- sedate but speedy- my attention span is so short that i'm tired of this notebook- fridge buzz- time references- too much light this time- taking words from conversation  time, space, money..- having trouble focusing. hope i'll come back to this later... don't feel sick anymore. cue for cigarette.
2315	3	a	12:00 am plenty of indecision- plenty of radiohead- feeling just fine in a familiar sort of way. living- a beautiful picture of blues and greens and things are okay i let my mind move i let move move i let my mind we go very quickly chewing gum feeling warm smooth throb at base of skull electric light- perhaps too much- in a sea of all these scribbled words the moon shines into these people that we are.
2316	3	a	2:42 am a nice comedown after walking through blue moonlit streets. everyone is gone to the spinning infinities; we have taken control of this city.
2317	3	a	3:43 am i'm now pretty stoned; feeling insecure about my writing ability. focusing on mental images (closed eye visuals) of sound and feeling lovely.
2318	3	a	3:43 am (again?) eyes no longer dilated, very baked, feeling nice and numb. unable to focus (psychologically), try to make words come out of this pen. my teeth feel funny. this writing is a crazy screen. attempt to reassemble in the morning. i'm all throbbed back to this big bunch of crazy doors on either side of my person. just babble here. disown yourself. disarm yourself. de-zone yourself. i think this ink is occurring to me as the scribbled nonsense that it is. soon i will be laughing at myself for having done it before. selective word. sell me some shoes.
2319	3	a	12:15 pm woke up to visual hallucinations- cigarette buzz brings everything back. a wound up ball of useless emotion envelopes my consciousness. i feel lucid and anxious with a fluxing happy/sad sentimental feeling. the trees and buildings outside are very clear; everything is clean and crisp in this winter air, but at the same time i wish it was summer. this all brings me back to the constant flux of things; cycles, convections, and a simple inability to stop moving.
2320	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2321	3	a	It was the week before new years, a mildly cold friday night. Only a few days ago on the tuesday a good friend and I who had been together awhile before had sex while drunk. Given the situation in which we were, this was the last thing we should have done. R, as I will call her, turned up during the evening, and it was obvious there were tensions between us, the idea of my invite was that we could work out the situation. We had planned to do the MDMA the next day together with some other friends. I had not ingested any substances in the past two weeks before the experience.
2322	3	a	I was feeling rather tense and quite anxious to try and resolve the issue before us. We rented a video, a slap-stick comedy which I had heard of, but neither of us had seen.
2323	3	a	We watched a documentary first, The Mushroom Man, Gordon Wasson and other eccentrics. R had never seen the film before, and this had inspired her as to the appropriatness of altered states of conciousness. R felt it more correct to take the MDMA that night, where we were alone, the night was calm and the setting was familiar without too many novel distractions, to her it was the perfect time for an experience of more than pure recreation.
2324	3	a	I found it hard to agree simply due to the fact that two other people were to attend tomorrow, a point where we would all get together and have fun. However I took to her opinion and we ingested 100mg of MDMA powder each.
2325	3	a	We decided to turn on the next video. Initially I felt good about watching it, relaxed, but quickly anticapation got the better of me. I felt anxious about the experience, giddy in the stomach.
2326	3	a	Intellectually unmoved, I feel uncomfortable and strange, the feeling is not new, but it is getting in the way of my focus of thought.
2327	3	a	Anticapation disappears at an undefined moment, the window opens at no point in time. Am I always here? Why am I here now? Intellectually it makes no sense. Time is undefined, it is purely a learned concept. Everything changes.
2328	3	a	The rest of the events are blurred in bliss. We talked, we understood. We kissed, it was right. We solved the problem by telling each other what we felt without fear of repurcussion. Truth may sometimes be inappropriate, but if it is so inappropriate, why did it feel so good?
2329	3	a	The feeling is still there, so much emotional energy, an ability to communicate like never before. With the issue we had before us resolved, R and I turned on some Mozart, it was however not energetically moving enough, instead I put on some dream trance. The music took us to another realm of celebration. The moment that we shared, the abstract concept of the energy we exchanged on a wholistic level cannot be explained intellectually. The experience will forever remain with me, the life and love that was spent through this experience with ripple through reality forever. I am grateful to be.
2330	3	a	We continue to dance and enjoy each others company. The observing mind is beginning to return. 
2331	3	a	With the effects fading we begin to go to bed, unable to sleep I go for a run. Upon returning, as I drift of to sleep strange thoughts creep into my mind, the creepy thoughts continue to pervade. I try to resolve the intellectually, but thoughts of death and anger boil deep within me. I leave those thoughts for another time, falling asleep without too much effort.
2332	3	a	In the morning I ingested some 5-HTP and other minerals and supplements, as usual appetite was none, but I still ate well.
2333	3	a	I found this to be the most profitable and appropriate drug experience I have ever had, along side a LSD experience three weeks later, but that is another story.
2334	3	a	R also noted she had strange and creepy thoughts after the experience, an interesting side note.
2335	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2336	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), General (1)
2337	3	a	After 4 previous sessions with these same lovely pills and each better than the last I was indeed excited about this one.  This time I was going to take two and make it a grand finale before I take a good two month break as to not overstress by body.  
2338	3	a	As usual I was excited and got home immediatly and was so anxious that I took the pills without plans.  I was hoping I could get out the house before they hit with my parents around.  I called around, surely I could go somewhere, but no luck, I tried for 30 min and began to get really worried that I would be stuck at home.  This is what scared me, I was in a real bad mind-set, which has never happened before in my 40+  times rolling, I have never had a bad roll in my life.  I figured I could just listen to music and have fun, but I was just so lonely, and was sitting waiting for the pills to kick in and make me 'happy'.
2339	3	a	After an hour, nothing, I was getting worred now, I looked in the mirror and my pupils were normal...I just sat and waited, an hour and 30 min later I started to feel a little twinge and thought this was it, but it just stayed like that and dropped down, I looked in the mirror and my pupils were huge, but I felt nothing, then I just thought about how much fun I could be having if I was out, and I got real depressed.  It was really horrible, I tried to get into a good mindset with the music and closing my eyes but I just got more and more depressed, I was feeling so very tired and cold, I started shaking and and got under 8 layers of blankets but still I was cold.  I didnt want to get up and drink water because I was so tired, I have never felt like this on a roll before, I closed my eyes (it was about 2 1/2 hours after ingesting the pills) I just layed and drifted off and then I started to open my eyes, my cd was off and the sun was coming through, it was 11:37 in the morning..this was horrible, how could I fall asleep...I knew these pills were MDMA as they were tested and were the same kind as before, but could my mood could of changed it that much, I am now worried about my next roll, if my bad mood could make two pills so ineffective.
2340	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2341	3	a	MDMA (3) : Difficult Experiences (5), General (1), Alone (16)
2342	3	a	This one goes out to freeflyer, i have a similiar story to tell. So there i was, the last week of 2000 with 5 HQ's (damn good pills) aquired from hard earned christmas money. I was supposed to sell them to turn a profit but my weaknesses showed and i just could not help myself. I had just come off a horrible flu that floored me for 4 days and was ready to go back out into the world and have some fun. I had lost a substantial amount of weight when i was sick, about four pounds and was still rather weak physically but i paid no mind. 
2343	3	a	So, back to the main part of my story, i have more pills than i have ever had at one time. I give one to a friend and we roll our butts off, usually that would be the last time i would taste E for a few weeks, but no, i had 3 more dammit! The next night i didnt do anything with the pills but admire them. The next day, i was in a adventurous mood so i thought about snorting up part of one and did so. DAMN, snorting was different, burning in the nose, yucky post nasal drip but more potent as a method of ingestion by far. So i go out with my friends and we do the usual nothing. I come home for a little while and snort the rest and the effects hit again. I must note that snorting seems to have a shorter duration for me and seems to bring out the speediness a little more. 
2344	3	a	The next two nights i did the same; overall putting 3 pills in my nose in three days, 4 in one week. By the last night, i was already pretty burned up, i was down to 130 pounds because i hadnt been eating, losing a total of 10 pounds in just short of 2 weeks, and was walkin around in such a manner that my friends called me 'dead man walking' because i was on a perma-hangover from the E. So that last night, i had 3/4 of one pill left and put it all up in one sitting, expecting a roll i was used to from HQ's but recieved quite the opposite.
2345	3	a	All i got was a speedy feeling, i realized that there must have been almost NO serotonin left to use, i had simply run out and my brain had nothing left to give. This scared me because i had always read about the possibility of this happening but never really thought it would happen to me. Goes to show you how stupid a person can be.
2346	3	a	The next 2 days were just like the previous, dead man walking mode, but the 3rd day, something awful happened, a crash that was unbearable. I have had 'terrible tuesdays' before, but not ones where they last an entire week and a half more! Depression was all i knew for those long, long days. I couldnt eat or sleep properly, i was always in a bad mood, not the usual blank mood i get from a hangover, and found myself crying about something every single day! I was in such a bad mood that when an argument arose over getting a free sandwich from my friends work, i thought about literally killing him. I knew what it was, my brain was fried and it would take awhile to normalize. This brought me to the conclusion that i need to abstain from all drugs for awhile, and wait at least a month before i drop again, but that is even tenative. I was droppin for the wrong reasons, just to have a lil more fun in an altered reality. E shouldnt be done just to do it, you should do it when it will be useful, like parties and little get togethers. It isnt like Bud where you can use it all the damn time, this stuff will harm you in very very bad ways. 
2347	3	a	So here i am now, jan 15th, weight is still down to 132 lbs, mind is coming back to almost normal but with new wisdom, too much E in too short a period has long term detremental effects on my body and social life. Happiness in a pill isnt a reality for me anymore, its a loathed statement.
2348	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2349	3	a	MDMA (3) : Various (28), Post Trip Problems (8), Multi-Day Experience (13), Depression (15), General (1)
2350	3	a	I must first give a brief background on my drug use before submitting my experience.  Prior to my skydive on MDMA, I had taken X about 30 times in the previous year.  I had also been a tobacco smoker for over 3 years.
2351	3	a	I started planning for my e-dive 3 weeks in advance.  First, I had to make sure I was taking a good pill.  I bought two 4-leaf clovers and took one the next night. It was the best, and I believe most pure, pill I had ever taken.  So I was set as far as the drug itself went.  
2352	3	a	I must also explain that I had never been skydiving before, and I was searching for the ultimate rush (obviously).  I called a skydiving resort near my home and asked questions concerning my dive.  The first thing was I wanted a tandem dive, which consists of a professional diver strapped to the first-time diver's back to assist in pulling the ripcord for the parachute and in steering towards the landing spot. This was obviously for safety purposes. Also, training was less time consuming for a tandem dive.  I also asked how long I'd be waiting to jump from the time I arrive and check in.  If you're an experienced user of E, then you know there is only a certain time frame for the peak effects.  So I made the appointment for two weeks later and I was set.
2353	3	a	I arrived at the diving center at ten minutes until 10 am on a monday morning, when I expected it to be the least busy.  I checked in, and saw there was only one person diving with me.  The instructor asked if anyone had to go to the bathroom before we got started, so I said yes, went into a stall, and popped the pill at 10 exactly. 
2354	3	a	The training took about 40 minutes, and the other person jumping volunteered to go first (we had to go in separate planes).  I finally got into the air around 11:15 or so, and I was rolling so hard, at my absolute peak.  I couldn't have timed it any better, or gotten luckier for that matter.  
2355	3	a	The instructor and I waddled up to the open side of the plane with him strapped to my waist and we squatted down. He leaned his weight on me, and we fell out of the plane at 13,000 feet.  The next thing I know I'm falling in spread-eagle formation at 110 mph with my jaw wired open blowin up harder than I ever thought possible.  I didn't even have to breathe very deep because air was getting shoved down my throat so fast.  All I could hear was the wind just screaming in my ears.  My whole body was numb, and the view I had of the whole scene (mountains, little square farm plots, and a tiny little town to my right) was slightly covered in a white haze and my vision was slightly distorted, which I expected under those circumstances.  I shut my eyes to see what that would be like in the freefall, and about 3 seconds later the instructor pulled the cord.  All the noise stopped, I was sitting upright, and I had a serene 5 minute ride to the ground on a beautiful day in the desert.  
2356	3	a	The intention of me doing this was to have the hardest blow up possible at the peak effects of ecstasy.  I believe, without a doubt, that I achieved this.  I will never do it again, because I know it won't be as good the second time.  I did get a bonus for my efforts though. I had a tobacco habit of about 3 packs a week. I had a pack of cigarettes for my roll, as I always do.  I smoked on my way home and in my afterglow the rest of the day. I had three left when I woke up the next morning.  I lit one up on my way to work and noticed that I wasn't getting any type of physical pleasure from my cigarette.  No relief, relaxation, nothing at all.  I finished the pack at work, and still nothing.  The remainder of the week I had no physical cravings whatsoever.  Apparantly such a small rush created by nicotine no longer pleasured my body after such a powerful experience.  Now all I had to do was beat the mental habit (smoke on my break, after meals, etc.), and that was the easy part.  The physical addiction was gone.  So I successfully quit smoking after trying on and off for the past year.  I'm not recommending this as a cure for smoking, e-dive at your own risk, but man, what a RUSH!
2357	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2358	3	a	I have probably done 100 doses of Ecstasy in the last year (in doses of 1-5 pills), and I thought I was the only one who experienced uncontrollable and/or unwarranted crying.  It's funny, the day after I usually smoke large amounts of marijuana bacause it goes well with the lethargy, and usually sometime during the day My eyes will begin to gush tears uncontrollably.  There is no sadness or traditional facial expressions accompanying the tears, just tears.  It will usually last for 2 or three minutes.  And after-words I feel cleansed and free.  While I wouldn't say this is the only reason I engage in this type of behavior, it is clearly listed as one of my primary benefits.  Is this unhealthy?
2359	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2360	3	a	Rolls (E, beans, whatever you call them) lost their magic for me REAL fast.  the first time I took one, I was in heaven.  Like it says on the effects page, I wanted nothing more than to come off and eat another one.  I thought 'this is how i want to feel ALL the time.'  I was super confident, funnier than usual, very open, sweet, and of course, the 'I love you, man...'   It was sweet.  
2361	3	a	But soon after I needed two to get me where one took me.  ridiculously (may I emphasize RIDICULOUSLY) soon after, 2 wouldn't cut it and I'd need three.  When you're in highschool and mooching off your parents... wasting anywhere from 30-60 bucks in one night (maybe more, depending on where you're going, what you're doing, etc...) can raise a lot of questions for your parents.  Besides, no one wants to be wasting that much money chronically and not have anything to show for it.  
2362	3	a	On TOP of all this, they just weren't putting me in that wonderful place anymore.  I'd be at that peak for 5 minutes then come down and be real depressed then peak up again for another 10 minutes and then back down.  It was an emotional rollercoaster of the worst kind in a pill.  And the mornings-after just kept getting worse and worse.  I felt absolutely brain dead after a while.  I didn't wanna turn into some of my friends who've taken way too much E and is evident in their behavior, slow talking, and new-found slurs.  
2363	3	a	That's how rolls lost their magic for me.  *tada*
2364	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2365	3	a	i swallowed one pill of XTC, one half hour before planned departure of friend's house.  I made a phone call, and found my cousin who had agreed on accompanying me had felt sick.  I persisted on going anyway, alone. and I arrived there 8:30.
2366	3	a	A tall man named adam, who i instantly liked very much opened the door for me, and greeted me.  i asked if he'd excuse my clumsiness, 'i'm a little on something tonight'.  he laughed and pointed me to the entrance of the 'maze'.  
2367	3	a	the effect had just begun to increase, but i was completely aware of what was going on.  at the exit of the maze i was greeted by a woman who gave me a beer bottle cap.  i took it and put it into my pocket.  the woman was perhaps fifty or sixty years old and dressed in a genie costume.  I believe she called herself 'Madame' something. and i thought her to be somewhat 'weird'.  
2368	3	a	the thought never occurred to me that i might perhaps have been considered weird.
2369	3	a	i climbed downstairs to get some water, and when i came back up i met a few other people who i considered to be very beautiful looking.  i knew that this was the effects of the drug.
2370	3	a	they met me with caution, and i wondered why.  and soon i realized that under this drug, my appearance was almost frightening! i must have scared them with my exaggerated grin, and slow movements!
2371	3	a	soon i realized that i had been talking too much, and entered back into the main room to receive my fortune read by the 'Madame'. she had given me a rock to hold in my hands and said that it was 'as old as the earth'.  i sat as she stood behind me, and assumed she was waving her arms over my head. not knowing whether it was the drug, or her spells, i felt the ball wobblying in weight from light to heavy.  soon after much concentration and breathing, i felt ONE with the ball, and almost as if i had put alittle soul inside of it.
2372	3	a	i rested for awhile in a chair where i performed several experiments i always check on when experiencing a new drug.  first was raising my legs as far as i could.  i could raise it say two feet off the ground before it'd begin to shake. i put it down.
2373	3	a	i remember humming songs to myself, more evidence of mental illness.  but i remembered my grandfather, who i had long forgotten years ago, and how he's sing songs about the beauty surrounding him.  i missed him deeply.
2374	3	a	i've never acted this way.  in fact i've always been very self- conscious of my behavior.  it almost had seemed that everything that once 'editted' my life, was now gone.  temporarily destroyed. all fear, or embarassment had now vanished, and i felt UNLOCKED.  i felt FREE for the first time.
2375	3	a	i didn't feel like Sam, i WAS my subsconscious, i WAS the 'unnamed spirit'.  i was a seperate being from the cowardly 'Sam' who became the product of a conditioned society and had locked me up inside his brain.  
2376	3	a	the first thing i needed to do, i knew, was to dance. before you know it i was rolling on the ground dancing, then clawing at the rug in the room.  soon i began BEATING the floor.  (I'm assuming THIS is when onlookers began to feel worried about me) 
2377	3	a	The reason for such animal behavior, was that I, infact, FELT like an animal that had been taught by society to act 'human'.  I felt like an ape in 'civilized' clothing. I began feeling my ANIMAL INSTINCTS, and the one thing that came to mind was, like a dog, digging a hole.
2378	3	a	this all seemed very logical at the time.  i assure you. under 'normal' law, this is CRAZY! but at the time i had felt 'normal' to be my enemy, 'normal' to be the product of years of fear, guilt and embarassment.  i felt 'normal' to be disgusting lies.  and even now, after returning to 'normal', i speak under embassassment and guilt for what i have done.  in a way, i've come back to my senses.  but in another way, i've built back up that wall, that 'disgusting barrier'.
2379	3	a	when i felt fatigued, i finished digging lay on my back in relief.  'that felt good.' i told myself.
2380	3	a	i looked up to see two figures.  one man smirking an evil expression.  i thought to ask if he was dressed as Satan or not for Halloween, but i withheld knowing that I might upset him.  I felt guilt, and I didn't want to. It was unpleasant.
2381	3	a	i heard the others say that 'when it gets this far, he shouldn't be here' as the man pulled me out.  i agreed with them.  i should have been in a safe environment, i shouldn't have been there.
2382	3	a	but nevertheless i was disappointed when i was met with unfriendliness.  the man was very harsh and very uncompassionate. i was experiencing a high high spiritual enlightenment, and this guy was being very very mean to me.  i felt confused.
2383	3	a	the man with the face of satan said, 'go' very simply.  he walked down the street and i rested on the side of the building for awhile. he comes back and says, 'i told you to go.  i left for awhile, and you're still here.  what don't you understand? GO!'
2384	3	a	i had thought to myself, 'THIS is your Temporary Autonomous Zone?!?! THIS is your place where one can escape the 'real world'? Where one man fufill his desires? Bey would be disappointed.' it was 10:20, and my spiritual exploration had been ruined.
2385	3	a	i walked across the street and into a Thai resturaunt where the Thai people found me to be a homeless person and fed me free rice.  i laughed.  nothing of the sort had ever happened to me.  At the table I reflected on my night.
2386	3	a	this was one hilarious experience I never wanted to have again.  i knew my moments in the secret theater to be very true, but understood how it might have scared the people who observed. I made a promise that I'd go home and do my homework, and that I'd never be a homeless druggy.  I had decided on living an appearingly 'normal' life.  like the RENDAN that Hakim Bey had wrote about.  i wanted to be who i was, but i did not want to alarm the others.  so i would follow their rules, while the entire time undermining them.
2387	3	a	from the restaurant I made a phonecall to my Father who drove me home.  by this time I was still feeling some secondary effects such as dizziness and serenity. but generally I could understand the situation, and easily respond to it.  i had told my Father that I didn't really enjoy the show at the Theater, and had decided I'd had enough and wanted to go home.  He believed me.
2388	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2389	3	a	MDMA (3) : Festival / Lg. Crowd (24), Glowing Experiences (4), Difficult Experiences (5), General (1)
2390	3	a	The world seemed numb, fruitless. The roll had hit and I had boosted my euphoria with a half cap of ghb. The slow qualities of my roll could be attributed to the joint smoked in the club bathroom, or maybe the state of dislocated depression I was in before taking this cocktail. 
2391	3	a	Time seemed fast, the night was almost gone. I walked around in half-dazed wonderment, every brush with a passing stranger was an intimate contact with pleasure. 
2392	3	a	I was having a good time, but my emotions of depression, being away from home for so long and the prospect of further confinement in this land far away. Idly walking around, I enquired in the women's toilets for some menthol rub. I was coming down and needed a boost. Obtaining some, I rubbed it on my lips and under my eyes; the headrush was minor, but pleasing flashes of color wavered before my eyes briefly. Disappointed, I told of my need for something more. I was told there was an expert on putting people 'thru the floor.' Interested, I was led to the person, Alex; he was candyflipping, that is, he was bugging on acid and E at the same time.
2393	3	a	Stretching out on the floor, right there in the club, on my stomach, I put my trust in him and relaxed. People gathered around in a circle. Alex asked me to put my menthol mask on, and my sinuses were filled with its sweet, pungent vapor. I relaxed further and my eyes unfocused on the grainy floor. I felt my arms being lifetd by Alex, his grip strong around my mid-forearm. I was then lifted, just my head, shoulders, and chest off the ground. I tensed but was soothed by the urgings of Alex. I closed my eyes. My head was now hanging limp between my upstretched arms. 
2394	3	a	Slowly, ever so slowly, Alex let my arms slide through his grip. I opened my eyes and BANG! I saw the floor rushing up to me and over my head, as each segment of my uplifted body contacted the floor the ground seemed to accelerate toward me. I felt my forehead contact the ground but still my arms were held high by Alex as they were stretched outward from my body, away from me. 
2395	3	a	Finally, my arms were lain gently on the ground and they felt like they were stretching through the club and out the door, I felt big, I felt like I was a skydiver and the contact with the ground was merely wind resistance. Then my vision split into two orbs and spun away to each side of my head. The tiled floor warped around these two bubbles like refractions through a glass sphere. Once they had rolled out of my vision, normality seeped in. 
2396	3	a	I rolled over, to see the faces of the people around me: 'Is he alright?' one person enquired of Alex, 'Yeah,' he says casually, 'I just put him throught the floor.'
2397	3	a	Getting up carefully, I went over to Alex and thanked him for the experience, which was amazing. His act of generosity and the fact that he used his skill for my pleasure for no reward gave me a real rush of gratitude and insight into the community and togetherness that E can give a person. 
2398	3	a	It really changed my life, and I am thankful for it.
2399	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2400	3	a	I seem to be one of the unlucky people that 'crash' very hard although i have noticed it (obviously) being worse with stronger pils or higher in-take. 
2401	3	a	My experiances often range between the following:
2402	3	a	Self Consiousness: A sense that everyone is looking at me and talkin about me. 
2403	3	a	Feeling dirty and that people think i look dirty. 
2404	3	a	Jealousy: A very strong feeling that people are trying to take my girlfriend away. 
2405	3	a	Tiredness and resentment that it is all over. 
2406	3	a	Suspiciousness: Thinking that people who are talknig to you have a hidden agenda. 
2407	3	a	Get very up-tight and moody and just want to go home. 
2408	3	a	Very emotional and weepy about past events (usually with speed). 
2409	3	a	Still an uncontrollable appreciation of music e.g. i could be brushing my teeth and dancing to music in my head. 
2410	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2411	3	a	MDMA (3) : Various (28), Health Problems (27), General (1)
2412	3	a	I have been interested in E for many years, and finally reached the mindset to try it. I got two friends to come over who had done it before.
2413	3	a	THE SETTING: My apartment, dark, some lights, pretty ones like Japanese laterns with colored bulbs, futura light, christmas lights, cold A/C on.
2414	3	a	PREPARATIONS: I spread out velvet blanket on floor, got a seashell or brush or other textured object to rub with. Washed dishes, spilled about fifty drinks. Drank OJ it makes the E hit harder.Got pacifiers I wanted to chew up anything. Prepared soft pretty music or techno dance music. Cleared the floor of all stuff. Made sure I had next day(s) off from responsibility. Next day I was still half rolling. Everything is good idea, but still didn't want to do anything that is negative like go to work.Dropped at 10PM. Nothing hit til 12:30 except strange feeling of something going on inside, but that means its the best kind.Break tablet into powder, it'll hit harder & faster. 
2415	3	a	THE EXPERIENCE: T+3 to T+8 All soft things feel good, Dr.pepper tastes so good I refuse to believe its only soda. Must rub and move and squeeze own body and soft things. Hot bath is so good I could not speak, Cold water on head was angel annointing me. Music is divine and I bonded with it- use pretty stuff w/choir vocals, Talked about anything, no one was offended, wanted for everything to be well, violence and hate doesn't exist, me and my rolling kin are the only thing in the world.Happier than I've ever thought I could be. I bonded with rolling friends, objects have a message of love for you, you can speak to them, and they send you a message back sometimes.Others are evil, like am aztec skull decoration I saw. Not hallucinating but you feel like you can see heaven.  Literally you writhe in pure euphoric pleasure that is so wonderful I cannot begin to describe it. It lasts longer than it really does. 
2416	3	a	NEXT DAY: still feeling super, still rubbing things, talking, thoughts are simple and stress is gone. Sunlight on face is divine. Thinking changes. I'm more friendly, accepting, music is still super, I bonded with all the stuff we listened while rolling. No stress, thoughts like a child, why can't world be friendly? Can't watch violence, too hurtful.Couldn't stand being alone. That night I felt very sad, but still wanted to talk and have fun. Make sure you will be around friends for following two days. Don't drink on following two nights, it puts you somewhere between x come down and drunk, very strange and not good. 
2417	3	a	SECOND DAY: still feeling X at 1/8 power, sad, Can't stand being alone, still bonded to place and music and people of Roll, very much so worth it though. I'd be ok if I could just be around someone. Feeling sick like I have a cold, x reduces immune defense. final drop to reality a slap in the face. Take vitamins & 5-htp to reduce depression some, take prozac at PEAK + 6 to reduce depression and bad stuff happening to brain. I didn't do either of those. Very addicting mentally, like its the most worthy thing for me, worth time & money, job and priorites want to be pushed aside but I know I won't let that happen and its just a thought. 
2418	3	a	WHAT I LEARNED: Most important thing: X is priceless, wonderful, everyone should try it. We need to have less stress and craziness in our lives and world, and take time to enjoy music, and be more accepting of others. That feeling was tenfold while rolling, I expect it'll go away by T+4 days. I also expect to retain feeling of peace and gentleness, and slight acceptance of others, wish for nicer world, slightly more enjoyment of music. I feel really super friendly with people who have rolled or want to, I share a great bond with them automatically. Still kindof thinking about objects like they have hidden personality. I like that, it makes everything easier, hope it stays. Sad. Need company. It was totally worth everything.
2419	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2420	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), General (1)
2421	3	a	Well, saturday we arrived at the rave at 12:30 am ..dropped ...by 2:00 am we were dancing on a roll it was wonderful the bass pounding through' our bodies was just soooo pleasurable. the people were so cool and the the lights on the dance floor were amazing the d.j.'s just knew what to do to make us rush to the sound....all in all it was a experience we will do again...at 36 and 43 years old we have found a new way of expression (we are both artists) and it feels great...the 'younger' crowd seemed to sense our awkwardness about the age thing and welcomed us. We both left the rave feeling a renewed hope for the world, the next generation does feel what we felt when we were young having both grown up in the aftermath of the 60's. We will rave again....we even glow sticked!
2422	3	a	well, that's just my first social E experience. I suffer from a form of social anxiety disorder 'fear of crowds' and there was a BIG crowd of 15,000 at the rave we went to. I was on paxil and prozac for many years for it. I have been off the paxil and prozac for 4 years and discovered E the past few months. All the work I have done with the fear up to discontinuing the med's was a big break through, the fear wasn't so overwhelming. But the E has taken it further with rolling in a crowd for me. Now I don't get so nervous when I think about going out. 
2423	3	a	Just the few months I have been doing E has been the most beneficial for me and my partner. We have been using it to as what we call therap-E. Our creative blocks are almost gone. We just have a wonderful time while we are rolling, he's a musician so, music has taken a whole new meaning we both were creatively depressed with the whole 'rock' music scene these days, I mean we grew up with some of the best (pink floyd, Led Zep, Jimi hendrix etc..and LSD) and they were our influences. The current 'rock' music you just get yelled at with 3 chords going in the background. The trance/techno/jungle music we have been turned on to from friends for rolling has just been so beneficial to us, we feel like a door has been opened to a whole new world of creative possibilities. I am a web/graphic
2424	3	a	designer and the visualization i get from the E has opened up a whole dimension to my artwork and I seem to express the ideas more quickly. 
2425	3	a	We are both very happy for what E has done to change our lifes. Our relationship is stronger then ever, we are much more appreciative for what we have. E made us stop and think about how cool our lives really are. 
2426	3	a	I think if I do E at a few more raves my fear of crowds will be gone.
2427	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2428	3	a	MDMA (3) : Various (28), Music Discussion (22), Health Problems (27), General (1)
2429	3	a	I am a very bored person, if that makes sense to anyone. I used to always look for ways to amuse myself, including drugs and alcohol. I had just gotten involved with this guy, he was a raver and he had done ecstasy a few times. I saw this as a chance to try a new drug. After a long talk about what it was like, he took me with him to a rave. This was my first. I was very nervous at the rave, it being something completely new to me. I immediately sat down and started smoking. My boyfriend asked me for my money, and I gave it to him knowing what it was for. He told me he was going to go dance a little bit and then try and get us some pills. 
2430	3	a	After about 15 minutes of me sitting by myself, shy and nervous, he came back with a present for me. I got so scared, I had never done this drug before, had no idea what it would do to me, and had no idea what it was really. I just ignored my doubts, knowing that if I passed up this chance I would always wonder. So I took the pill by chewing it and then swallowing with lots of water. The taste was very, very bitter. I started to freak out inside. I was scared that I had just taken a drug that could possibly kill me, make me very sick, or just plain give me a bad trip. I just sat there for the next 20 or so minutes, my boyfriend had gotten up to dance. I would not dance with him, I had never danced before and I was very shy and nervous all the time back then. 
2431	3	a	So I was sitting there keeping to myself completely, mainly wondering if I would fit in at this scene. Some girl came and sat by me, and she kept trying to talk to me, which made me uncomfortable because I was so shy and all. All of a sudden it's like I heard water or something, like a waterfall, and I started to feel very lightheaded and odd. I was getting very scared, I knew the pill was kicking in. 
2432	3	a	I got up to go find my boyfriend, once I found him I told him I needed to get outside, before I passed out. On the way out the door I started to actually feel good, and happy, and warm. I looked at the world outside, and saw so much beauty. There were about 30 or so trashcans, mainly red and orange, all together in a corner. As my boyfriend was walking to his car, I veered towards the trashcans. He thought I had gotten lost on the way, but when he got over to me, I just told him, 'Shh...be quiet and look....is that not the most beautiful thing you have ever seen in your life?' He just stared at the trashcans and then at me and said, 'oh my god that's amazing.' After probably 2 minutes of just looking at them, we started our walk to his car once again. 
2433	3	a	Once we got in the car, I told him to close his eyes, and I led him into a fantasy world. I told him to picture a lake in the brightest time of the day, with the water a golden color reflecting the sun's rays. Although he should have been my guide, I became his. All of a sudden I was the E expert. Any questions he had I had an answer for, it was like I had memorized word for word everything I had ever read about this drug. We talked about all things, I started telling him about my life in great detail, things were coming out that I had never told another living soul. Nothing but truth and confession. I had held so many things in for so long, and it was like MDMA helped me push through this giant wall. Once everything was out, I felt such a tremendous amount of freedom, I felt reborn. I was looking at the world with a whole new perspective, everything held so much beauty and amazement for me. I sang and it was so beautiful. He told me all about his life in great detail also, and I understood everything. I was like a new born baby, completely innocent and full of hope and new prespective. 
2434	3	a	I found something wonderful that night...I found myself.
2435	3	a	I have done ecstasy many times since that first magical night. It has always been the same for me, a truly spiritual experience, only now I find I become a mommy, taking care of everyone. :)
2436	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2437	3	a	MDMA (3) : Various (28), First Times (2), General (1)
2438	3	a	On the Eve of the Millenium, I ventured out with many of my friends to party the new year in. We had already passed the countdown and it was getting late, about 1 or 2 am. My friends Joe, Mike and Nester all showed up at the party I was at and asked if I wanted to go with them to rave. I agreed because I am a big lover of the rave scene. So we all piled into Mike's car and went to his house. Joe said he Mike got 4 hits of x and we were all going to share. We all took a hit. I remember Joe came up to me, put the pill in my hand and handed me the Gatorade. I drank it down and he said ' Don't think about it, and it will hit you quicker' So we proceeded to Mike's Bedroom and we all sat around talking. Mike put on some Bjork, and we all just enjoyed the music. 
2439	3	a	Soon enough I felt a tingling all over my body. I noticed my skin felt like a different surface, like rubber. I put my head in my hands and felt the strands of hair flow between my fingers. I went to lay down on the bed and put my jacket over my face. The lining was so soft and seemed to flow like water over my face. They asked me 'Are you okay?' I answered back, 'Mmmhmm.'  They asked me to go sit by them on the floor. As I sat down, I felt the white carpet rub against my hands. I had never felt such softness in a carpet. I noticed this and yearned to feel the carpet on my arms and body.  So I lay down on the floor and proceeded to roll around like a cat… rubbing my body all over the carpet. Nester got me up and put my hands on his head. It was incredible. He had a shaved head and the peach fuzz was so incredibly soft, I never felt anything like it. 
2440	3	a	Joe and I found interest in each other that night also. The others left us alone with Bjork playing and the music was so beautiful. The bass took over my body and I felt like she was singing to me. Joe and I traded massages and … well, discovered each other's bodies for the next 2 or 3 hours. Finally we got up and went looking for Mike's dog but couldn't find her. We wanted to pet her and experience her softness. Since we didn't find her, we had a cigarette. I don't even remember the brand name, but it was the best cigarette I had ever smoked. At about 5 or 6 a.m., We decided to go to Joe's apartment and go to sleep. When I stepped outside, I was still feeling good. The sun was coming up and the morning was absolutely beautiful. After that, I started to come down, and when we got the apartment, I was tired and thirsty. I drank some water and crashed on Joe's bed. I woke up at 12p.m. and Joe fed me breakfast.
2441	3	a	The whole experience was so beautiful and enlightening. I loved it. 
2442	3	a	Be safe, Be smart, be careful... If you dose... dose carefully. ;)
2443	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2444	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Glowing Experiences (4), General (1)
2445	3	a	I have one word of advice for X users, and that is to ONLY DO THIS DRUG with people you trust!  I tried X for the first time 2 weeks ago, and although it was an amazing experience, I can see how it would be potentially dangerous if I was not around reliable people who had rolled before.  For the first half hour or so, I felt none of the drug's effects.  But when I hit the 45 minute mark, I was completely gone.  My entire body felt warm and fuzzy, and I kept running my hands over my arms just to feel the sensation.  This lasted for about 10 minutes when the full effects hit, and I freaked out.  It got way too strong; I started sweating, pacing back and forth, and was convinced that I was dying.  I thought, 'I got a bad pill, I'm going to OD on this shit.' I was so out of it I thought I was about to break into millions of pieces and go flying into space.  I didn't even remember that I'd taken anything, and when people tried to explain that it was the drug, I could only hear them through what sounded like a huge tunnel.  
2446	3	a	If great friends wouldn't have been around to take care of me, I'd seriously have dialed 911 or (worse yet) my dad in a panic.  Also, while the touchy-feely sensation is definitely one of the ups of X, getting overly physical with someone could have it negatives in the morning.  Again, I'm glad I was with people who were keeping an eye on me and knew what to expect.  So everyone out there, have a good roll, but BE SAFE!!!!
2447	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2448	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2449	3	a	This is a story that didn't happen to me at all, but rather happened to my friend's pet walrus.  Luckily I have a telepathic connection with this walrus and was able to get the following story from him:
2450	3	a	2:30pm - Took one pill of what was supposed to be ecstasy but reported effects of others who had tried it made it sound more like MDA. 
2451	3	a	3:10pm - Began calling friends and reporting on the strength of these rolls, which only took 30 minutes to kick in on an empty stomach.  
2452	3	a	3:30pm - Realized something wasn't quite right with the roll: the sudden overpowering waves of pleasure and the extremely loving thoughts I normally associate with MDMA were not there, and there was much more enhancement of colors and music than is normal to MDMA for me.  Fun, but not what I was expecting.
2453	3	a	4:00pm - Went to buy hair dye and bleach with some friends, managed to lose my credit card and confuse the hell out of lots of sober people.  Tried hugging a friend, but none of the usual MDMA pleasure was associated with it, just the same continuous euphoric body buzz.
2454	3	a	5:00pm - Dyed hair, took shower.  Body buzz dying down and slowly turning into something more like a low dose acid trip without the body feelings of acid, if that makes any sense.
2455	3	a	6:00pm - Another friend showed up, and I loaned him one of the 'rolls' and took another myself.  Left the dorms and headed to his house.
2456	3	a	7:00pm - Bought his girlfriend one and drove around a little bit.  This is when the hallucinations began in full force.  Every shadow and person began turning into demons out of the corner of my eye.  It was very obvious that they were hallucinations to me, because I was fairly clear-headed at the time.  Began to experience feelings of separation from others, something that would NEVER happen to me on MDMA even alone.  This continued for the next 3 hours or so, and was entertaining.  Extreme jaw clenching, shaking, and so on at this point.  There were also 3 second gaps where vision would skip and everything would jerk to the next frame.
2457	3	a	10:00pm - Began to be pissed off at everyone (another thing that doesn't happen on MDMA) for leaving and not talking to me.  Got depressed, and laid around feeling sorry for myself for a couple of hours, something I don't tend to do when sober.
2458	3	a	5:00am - Interestingly, this is when the visuals REALLY kicked in.  I woke up to go to the bathroom and noticed a moving glowing pink flower pattern on every wall in the house.  While urinating a black ooze began to seep up out of the toilet and spin around on the bowl.  A towel started flickering in and out of existence every few seconds and turning into shag carpeting.
2459	3	a	7:00am - Wanted to go to class, but flowers on the walls convinced me otherwise.  
2460	3	a	12:00am - Most effects gone, still some body numbness from lack of good sleep.
2461	3	a	Another friend repeated my experiment the next night and threw up several times, but agreed that the visuals were the best ever and that he would do it again.  Probably not worth 50$ though, but it was an interesting experience that pretty much reinforced my love of hallucinogens, despite some of the bad thoughts of the night.
2462	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2463	3	a	MDMA (3), MDA (34) : Various (28), What Was in That? (26), General (1)
2464	3	a	My first and only experience with MDA was purely accidental.  It was a Saturday night, and I had just gotten the newest pill out on the market from my usual ecstasy dealer called Igloos.  I didn't know that they were MDA, and wouldn't have got them if I had known.  I am all about pure MDMA.  Around midnight, I took a White Buddha(MDMA approx 100mg) and a Igloo(MDA approx 100mg) before I headed to my friends house where we had a 'rolling' party with about 30 good friends.  After about 30 minutes, I got hit very hard.  This was my 7th week in a row rolling, and I was surprised at how hard I got hit, as it seemed I had started to build a tolerance.  Visuals looked good, but not quite as good as in the previous weeks.  I had several friends with me that were glowstick 'experts'.  About an hour after I dosed, I almost vomited several times.  This was strange for me, because I had never felt that way before when taking MDMA.  I didn't know that I had taken MDA, and just fought off the feeling.  
2465	3	a	The next few hours were very strange.  I was severely disoriented and confused.  I kept walking around with my eyes half open, and didn't know why I was walking.  I had a hard time talking to people.  I was stuttering and I was forgetting what I intended to say mid-sentence.  On several occasions, I would start dancing, and then shortly after sit down again.  I just didn't know what to do with myself.  
2466	3	a	About 4am, 4 hours after I had dosed, I crashed hard.  I felt completely sober, and I was nervous and irritated.  At that point, I wanted to go to our regular afterhours progressive club, but no one wanted to go.  I went by myself and met some friends there around 5am.  Before I went into the club, I took another Igloo(MDA approx 100mg).  The club was extremely hot, stuffy and crowded as always.  I started peaking again around 6am, and was even more disoriented than the first time I dosed that night.  All night, I couldn't decide if i wanted to dance or sit down.  I am normally a talkative person, but I was very quiet this night.  
2467	3	a	Around 9am, I blacked out for about 30 minutes (my sober friend told me i was sleeping on the ground in a corner for 30 min).  When I woke up, it took me a few minutes to remember where I was and the previous events of the night.  I decided to go home and sleep, even though the club was still open for a few more hours.  I got home, and slept almost immediatly.  I slept for 7 hours and my head felt cloudy for the rest of the day.  I had no afterglow type feelings, and was quiet for most of the day.  Later that week, I found out that the Igloo's were MDA, not MDMA, and that is when I put together the details of my strange night.  
2468	3	a	I plan on never taking MDA again.  MDMA in my opinion is much better.  Better visuals, better bonding with friends, dancier, and overall more fun.
2469	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2470	3	a	MDA (34), MDMA (3) : General (1), What Was in That? (26), Club / Bar (25)
2471	3	a	E. Ecstacy.  You hear about it used in reference to clubbing or raving, and the reason behind this is because really, if you are thinking about rolling, or have done so only at your house, you need to roll n' rave. I have been diagnosed with ADHD and am taking cylert (a CNA stimulant) regularly.  I am not really an introverted person, rather I perceive myself as one of those intellectuals, that feels that they are better than everyone.
2472	3	a	I get to the party, it was a Real party at a gay bar called U4IA (pronounced euphoria).  Weekdays it was home to all of Clevelands homosexuals, but on the weekends it housed some sweet parties with kickass headliners.  We get there at 10:00 with my even more hopeless friend I will call Tom.  Tom was an intellectual introvert who was worse off than me.  We were supposed to meet a friend of his from work, that I will just appropriately call 'The God of Rave'. 
2473	3	a	We were the first ones at the party.  The dancefloor was non-existent, but there was music.  The 4 to the floor house beat, with a dj throwing down some crazy ghetto house.  I stood there, motionless and disconnected from my setting.  Christ I even played a game of pinball. At 10:30 GOR arrived.  We met up with him and another one of his friends.   GOR was already rolling, I assumed and having noticed we were not, and have never done E, he hooked us up (one of the many times.  GOR could walk into a party with just enough money for admisssion and come walking out of the party with 100 bucks and 5 free pills that he hooked up his friends with.  He would get fronted pills and sell them till he made his way up to getting free pills.)
2474	3	a	I remember he put his arm around me in a friendly gesture and I pulled away and said something like 'What are you some kind of fag?' or something of the like. 20 bucks and about 10 minutes later, he returns with 3 gelcaps.  Feeds them to me Tom and my friend 'KB' and we all just sat around waiting for the pill to kick in.  When telling about this experience to a friend or to someone who hasnt rolled it is hard to describe, I always tell them this story.
2475	3	a	10 Minutes after taking the pill, my head was bobbing.
2476	3	a	10 Minutes after that, my head foot, and body were moving to the music.
2477	3	a	10 Minutes after that I was on the dance floor.
2478	3	a	The first thing I felt, was a headrush, and strange anxiety.  I was leaning against the bar after 35 mintues poking my hand with my finger just to get the feeling.
2479	3	a	It was about 11:00 at that time, and Tom was still sitting in his chair motionless.  His hand placed on his chin as if deep in intellectual thought.  Me and KB were already starting to bounce around a little bit.  I was feeling good guys... actually I was feeling fucking great.  My head was clear, not like alchohol that everyone can tell you were drunk.  I was just happy.  Kathy Lee happy, which was just incomprehensible to me.  I had never been that happy.
2480	3	a	GOR asked KB and I how we were doing, after he laughed at me for me poking my hand.  He goes down to Tom, puts his hand on his shoulder and asked him the same, but he responded with an 'I'm Ok'.  As GOR starts to walk away Tom remembers something he wanted to say and stands up to tell him.  Now, before I tell you the rest you need to understand how deeply rooted Tom's analytical and introverted life is.  It sucked.  Always over analysing a situation, always the kid who everyone asks why he doesnt say much.  For that one second I had the joy of looking at the kid.  For that one second when all the blood rushed from his head to the other parts of his body.  I watched as he stopped after he stood up, and put his head down low in the light, and just was absorbed in the E rush.  First time roller, stands up, blood rushes to his head and he knows he is rolling.  He was trying to analyse and negotiate with what was coming, and what he was feeling in the previous 40 minutes.  He was trying to rationally understand what the drug was doing to his body, like how an intellectual deals with taking acid.  He actually thought that E was going to be like tripping.  And in that moment, not only did he lose the report on what he was feeling but at that almost magical moment he realised that what he was feeling couldn't be described by words.  It was a spiritual experience that only gave made him laugh in sheer joy.  He stood up with his thoughts and ideas and sat right back down, unable to cope with the feelings of unity and happiness with the music.
2481	3	a	Tom, the socially inept and incompetent became Tom the childish and friendly out for a good time raver. I'm sure there are many other stories about what happens after this.  But I was dancing.  Me.  Dancing.  
2482	3	a	Your average homophobic teenager dancing, hugging and raving with everybody.
2483	3	a	GOR was kind enough to babysit me that night.  He was the guy who made the trips to the bathroom sink to fill up my water bottles.  I highly recommend anyone who has never rolled and raved for the first time to attach themselves to a veteran who knows what they are doing.  A good friend who won't pull some shady shit and try to slip his hand in your pants because your rolling.  Someone who will help out the vibe, and make sure you are not doing something stupid (like drinking alchohol or anything that isn't water).  
2484	3	a	The only other thing I really have to say about my first time raving that really shows how inept I was about parties.  GOR went off to find me a Menthol, and came back with a raver named Deena, who hooked me up with my first back rub and a sea breeze (someone using a vicks inhaler to blow in your mouth, eyes and nose).  After she finished giving me my backrub I turned and asked her if I had to pay her or something, and she just laughed at me and shook her head no.  
2485	3	a	Since then I have rolled many times, but obviously nothing compares to your first time.  I highly recomend anyone rolling (in moderation of course) as it truely has given me a new outlook on life.  For a few hours I was free of anything that bothered me, any problem was shrugged away.  When I was coming down in GOR's apartment, I sat and thought about things that bothered me and nothing could bring me down.  Even if you only do it once I think everyone should roll.  Roll in moderation and roll at a rave.  Meet some phat people and have a kickass time.
2486	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2487	3	a	MDMA (3) : Club / Bar (25), First Times (2), General (1)
2488	3	a	I found out that my friend was going to be getting some ecstacy. I had never tried it, and I was a little hesitant about trying it at first. I had previously just stuck to weed, and this seemed to be a bit more of a hardcore drug. I eventually decided to drop, and drank it down with some orange juice. One of my friends had dropped an hour before me, so he was beginning to turn on when I dropped.
2489	3	a	Right after I droppped, we smoked a bowl. I was told this is one of the best ways to take it. It clams you down for an hour until the drug begins to take hold, so as you begin to go from high to stoned, the drug turns on. It was indeed a very smooth and enjoyable transition. 
2490	3	a	About an hour later, I was sitting in my friends room getting ready to go out, and I began to turn on. The first feelings were weird and disorienting. I did not have trouble focusing on things when I kept my head still, but when I moved it, things went a little blurry (if you have ever seen Go, the part when the guy first starts turning on the apartment illustrates this feeling well). We then went out to go walk to a party. As we walked, the cool winter air felt good on my skin, like a hot summer day when you open the freezer. I lit up a cigarette, and the smoke felt good going down and back up my throat. I could barely even feel the smoke, but the motion of the air was nice.
2491	3	a	Then it really began to hit me. My clothes began to feel good against my skin. I went up to my friend who had recommended that I try the drug, and just yelled, 'Eric, aaahhhh!' I had no other way of telling him what was happening to me, but he knew exactly what I meant. It was an incredible feeling. We went into the party, and when we went out to the dance floor, I was incredibly drawn to the energy of all of the people dancing. I made me happy that all of these other people were having a good time, laughing and dancing. I loved it.
2492	3	a	Some of the people I was with were asked to leave, so went to another party where some of my other friends were. Soon would come the high point of my experience. I told some of my friends at the party that I was rolling, and one of them insisted that they do an airplane to me. I had no idea what this was, but it sounded interesting.
2493	3	a	They took me into a room that was carpeted, and the one guy began to 'blow me up.' He He moved his hands all around on my face, chest, shoulders, and back. It felt very good. He then said to fall back when he told me, and I did. It felt like I was falling back into a pillow. Another friend picked me up by my legs, and they began to swing me back and forth in the air. I felt like I was flying. They then began to slowly let me down to the ground, and when I was on the ground, my friend blew me up again. When he did this the second time, I had no knowledge of my body. All I could feel were the spots on my face where my riend was touching me. It was like I only existed where I was being touched. After he finished, I just lay there for a minute, and when I opened my eyes, they were all these people looking down a tme. I just looked up and smiled, thinking to myself, 'If you only knew.'
2494	3	a	I got up and began to rub my hands up and down my arms and hips and chest, because my clothes felt good against me. I loved it. Textures were awesome. I especially liked sweaters, becase they were soft but a little rough. I found myself shaking everyone's hand and feeling their arm as I wlaked away. I just wanted to touch everyone and feel everything. I went and sat down, and just felt my girlfriend's down jacket for about fifteen minutes while talking to some people. I was sitting next to a friend of mine (who had rolled before) and said, 'Dude, I'm not gay or anything, but your jeans feel good.' He just laughed. He knew.
2495	3	a	Soon after, I began to come down because my gilrfriend had dropped as well, but it never kicked in for her. Overall, from the time it turned on until the time I began to come down, it was only an hour, but seemed like an eternity. It is definitely something I would do again.
2496	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2497	3	a	MDMA (3) : Large Group (10+) (19), First Times (2), General (1)
2498	3	a	this is the first time i have rolled since October so it has been quite a few months and i was ready to be blown away once again by this wonderful drug. a bunch of friends and i were planning to take it, all at different times of the night, so that couples could have some alone time, and then we would all hang out together. i was going to wait until much later in the evening to take my pills, but then i realized that if i took it early i would have time to be alone and possibly write. i have always wanted to write while on ecstacy so i could go back and read it and see exactly what i was feeling. so, that is what i'm going to post here, what i learned and wrote down while rolling. but before i get into that, i just want to comment on the roll in general. i had 2 pills crushed and in a gel cap. i took the gel cap at around 8:40 with hot tea. by 8:55 my hands were getting tingly. i went downstairs to tell my housemate,  A., that i was starting to roll. when i went back upstairs to my room, it was like *@!POW!@*. i came up very fast and this lasted for approximately 2 hours (it was as i was coming up by myself that i wrote what i am going to post below). then i came down a notch, still rolling but on a plateau. and i've been coming down notch after notch. it's now 12:42 and i'm still getting warm rushes, euphoria from just deep breaths, and occasionally fluttering eyes. so anyhow, here's what i wrote down when i rolled (i hope it doesn't seem cracked out. i apologize if it is= ).
2499	3	a	and i am there you and i and everyone one one together it's everywhere i am seething over flowing blossoming my entirety overcome with joy it has been so long oh how i have missed you yes embrace me on the inside yes that is what i feel and i feel not everyone can comprehend the way everything thing thing just fits together and is as it should be because i can think so lucidly you have no idea i am clear i am one my god my god i have missed you everything is one this pounding pounding bang bang music in my head it drives me i can feel it melting with my mind to touch these limbs that were so tired how could i could i could i forget all this as i do when everything is one and a key unlocks an ornately decorated glass box it's pink and black and blue and swirling and not glass but can change at will and the key opens and out it comes like magic on fire one one  reaching one gathering one collecting wills swirling into one so powerful i can hardly contain it like the top of my head just poof evaporated and at last the positivity was set free  let it touch you too my god let it touch you i think i wish i thought i felt my god my god i'm rising so far up let it touch you too like magic and secrets that you must come this way to understand. 
2500	3	a	(btw, the my gods are not a religious thing. for all you rollers out there, i'm sure you know that saying 'oh my god' or 'i feel SO good' are two pretty good ways to describe what you're experiencing. that's what i usually find myself and others saying anyway.)
2501	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2502	3	a	First I want to say that if your curious about ecstasy, try it!. Use your head and try it with someone who has before if possible. I've had friendships grow stronger, and real insights that last after the trip is long over. Now for my story.
2503	3	a	I was at a rave with a few friends in florida, having a good time and i bought two hits of ecstacy. I had rolled a lot before so took them both anticipating the effects. It was great. I wont tell about how great it is because thats not my story,and besides you just can't. I bought them at 7:00 in the evening and it was now ten. the night was still young and the best part of the trip was over so i bought two more from a different person. They were 30$ a pill, about ten dollars more than usual in florida. I figured that since i had already taken E that night that i should take both of these more expensive pills to feel the same effect. first of all, the substance turned out to be mda rather than mdma. It feels speedier with less warm feelings and is not as enjoyable by far. 20 minutes after taking them i felt very anxious, another twenty and i started to hallucinate. I've taken lots of acid lots of times and i'd never seen anything like this. A dj's hair grew from his head, turned neon colors and flashed to the beat and along to the lasers and strobe lights. I asked my friend to walk with me away from the tent so i could sit down. As we walked i would see trees that appeared to be right in front of me and they would disappear, also it looked like there were people in the grass having sex all over the place, as i walked on they would disappear. I finally got my head together an hour later, I never bought ecstacy at a rave again. I still enjoy it very much, but I get it from one dealer who also takes E...you would be wise to do the same.
2504	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2505	3	a	MDA (34), MDMA (3) : Rave / Dance Event (18), What Was in That? (26), Difficult Experiences (5), General (1)
2506	3	a	Setting: a warm night, at home in my house I shared with my partner. Preparation: I had the ecstasy tablet for a couple of weeks, waiting to it “felt right” to take it. My intention was to have some kind of luminous spiritual experience, but other than that, the only mental preparation was spending some quiet, simple contemplative time with myself, relaxing and trying to clear my thoughts, before taking the ecstasy at sundown. 
2507	3	a	This was a few ago now, and mid way though till then revealing uneventful but pleasant trip, spent, till this point, randomly contemplating the thoughts that arose. I was musing on my back verandah at the stars.
2508	3	a	Suddenly, I was faced with four entities, whom I could not see clearly, but nevertheless strongly sensed their presence. They were hovering before me at eye level.
2509	3	a	Telepathic interchange is notoriously difficult to translate into more mundane language, but here is a rough rendition of what transpired:
2510	3	a	'We are from Atlantis, and we have a message. The message is: You (meaning humans of the modern period) now have attained to knowledge and level of civilisation that we attained, prior to our destruction.
2511	3	a	'Specifically, your have reached an analogous level of technology, and an essentially identical cosmology.'
2512	3	a	I replied: 'How do I know you are who you say you are and that what you tell me is true?', having been entreated from an early age to always 'test the spirits'.
2513	3	a	'This is our proof: the theory of cosmology you call 'The Big Bang' we also had discovered. The proof of this is, that when we were destroyed, there were survivors, and our wisdom was imperfectly preserved and transmitted and this is what gave rise to the various religions and mystery schools.
2514	3	a	'For, in the Qabbalah's Tree of Life, is not Ain Soph Aur the pre-existent void, and Kether the singularity, and the tree itself a representation of inflation and the expansion of the singularity into the universe.
2515	3	a	'So also in China, the void that is beyond was called Tao, and singularity, Teh, and the inflation and expansion represented by the interplay of yin and yang.
2516	3	a	'And so for the other philosophies and mysteries: at their heart there is a conception of the nothingness before, singularity, and expansion into matter.
2517	3	a	'How did primitive humans know this but by us: before your history there was a civilisation with the technology, as you know have, to look out in space-time, and the mathematics to try and understand what we saw.
2518	3	a	'Therefore, you have been this way before. This is where we came ere we were destroyed. But wisdom lies beyond this, we do not know. That is for you and your time, if you don't destroy yourselves first.'
2519	3	a	All this took only a few seconds, I imagine, and then they were gone. I went inside feeling as if I had been touched... by something...
2520	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2521	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Alone (16), Entities / Beings (37)
2522	3	a	I wanted to share my ecstasy experiences so far and hopefully help someone else who is in a position I was in. The context is that I'm a mid-twenties male who just recently arrived at a new city and had found a group who was willing to take me in. I am a club man and the experiences involve the setting of being at either a club or an afterhours with this group.
2523	3	a	I had bought two tabs through a friend and taken one before out at a club and not noticed anything. When I had bought the ecstasy it was the first time I had ever heard of the drug. We were out again next week again at a club and I took the other. This time I felt a little surge. Right when I was coming down off the little boost my friend asks me if I want another. Sure I say. This one's different, a poppy imprinted little orange pill. I take. I swallow.
2524	3	a	Thirty or so minutes passes, totally not thinking about it and having a decent time, when - the rush hits. I mean the RUSH HITS. I felt like the world was opening up to me, I felt like my limbs were screaming out in celebration of life. During the peak I only stood there at the end of the dance floor ... and reveled. I reveled in how my skin felt, how my limbs floated, how incredibly sensuous the dancing bodies around me were. As I start to come down - I start to dance, and I sank into myself while knowing the world at the same time. I want the whole world to dance with me and in some ways it is. The club is closing and we have to go. As we exit it's just me and my friend walking to the car. I explode in excitement. I believe the exact language was something like, 'Oh my god. Oh my god this stuff is incredible!' I have a permanent smile for the rest of the night and I'm in rapture.
2525	3	a	I have used ecstasy about eight or so times since then. I haven't had any real bad experiences all varying levels of really good to excellent but one more has to be mentioned. This was the night I did four tabs. Two were of the same as above and I took those first and was doing very well. I decided to buy another while I was out at the club.
2526	3	a	If the first experience was a rush this was a freight train. My best likening is like that of having every cell of my body engage in a constant orgasm for about twenty minutes. The experience was so strong that I had to sit for the first few minutes and although I knew I was fine I also felt my heart mumbling about the new workload. After a few minutes I got up ... began to dance, and couldn't believe it was possible to feel this good. I took a fourth in halves when I started to come down a little because oh god I wanted nothing more for this high to continue but didn't feel anything. Anything more I should say I was still rolling incredibly hard. I was dancing in ecstasy while watching this gorgeous creature of a girl do the same in front of me. It was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. She was a blonde haired goddess swaying to the trance around us. 
2527	3	a	An officer of the law decided to stop in and the party was busted. All I could say to my friend was 'after party after party.' I wanted to roll and roll and roll. Thank god there is a natural shut off point it seems or even my will power would be tested. However, I was still rolling the next day when I had to get on my flight and was doing little dancemoves down the terminal. I was still rolling when I woke up the next day and proceeded to turn on the house and trance. This was also an incredible time as I just thought and danced, thought and danced alone in my room. 
2528	3	a	Ecstasy has changed my life. My experiences with it have been the most pleasurable of my life. This is not to say they have been the best because there is nothing , or rather I should say there was nothing soul fullfilling about my nights, days and weekends with MDMA. But, it has been soul fullfilling in the way it has caused me to examine and live my life after. When I dance I think. Its like my body is in glory while my mind is too. I have carried over this into my everyday life. Since I have started doing x I have done as much research as I can on the little devil. My heart aches because of the fact that long term tolerance is so easily built up and I may be damaging my precious axons. This might be good though as otherwise I would worry about a state of depression a few years down the road from now when the last of my youth is gone - for an atheist its like god saying you get this many incredible times, enjoy. 
2529	3	a	One of the greatest things for me is that my experiences have been so strong that the imprinting has been I believe permanent on my brain. I spend hours a day listening to the house and trance music I have discovered and try to dance as much as possible. I know people would consider me some weird freak because I dance around half or completely naked in my room to my music (no drugs by the way) but I consider the alternative form of exercise that most people engage in stepping on the treadmill and turning their eyes to the t.v. above them at the gym a nightmare. Its like they drone their body into a monotony of abandonment while at the same time exiling their mind to the blips of sitcoms. I dance and I think. When I do it I feel like i'm living - I mean actually LIVING. I especially love those peaks in the music where its seems mind and body combine and just scream in ... perfectness.
2530	3	a	Alright this has been pretty trippy I know. I just wanted to end of this long ass experience with a little bit about who I am. I was born pretty damn poor and have worked my ass off such that I'm set to graduate from one of the top ten medical schools in america next year. I'm the type of person who worked a second job to sent money to humanitain causes every month. I am utterly repulsed by the fact that I am considered 'a drugie' and someone who engages in felonies every now and then when I want to get a rush and dance for a night. As much as I love X its definetely not the end all in life - like everything its just one part - and it hasn't hurt me in my career. I don't intend to treat patients high no more than I would treat them drunk. I wish this society wouldn't force me to hide and be ashamed of the fact that yes I use some drugs. I know they do or might have certain damaging side effects I have read the research just like drugs I will be prescribing every day have risks and side effects. I am ... peeved ... and I want change God Damn it.
2531	3	a	Hey if you read this far , wow. I had to vent and I had to celebrate my new little life friend and change. I grew up real conservative and couldn't believe the first time I saw a drug being used , 'bad people' (and some are no doubt but what group doesn't have em). My only advice is THINK FOR YOURSELF, take the time to do the research and make an educated non-propaganda decison. I do think everybody should do exstasy at least once to truly experience life but don't if its not you and if it is don't give up if you don't hit it the first time cause of whatever. If our brains are anything alike and my bio book says they are - it will.
2532	3	a	To all my druggie buddies; don't let it take over your life - but please don't let the spirit of life die so that I'm the only one who wants to let loose (in lesser scale) after settling the kids to bet a decade down the road.
2533	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2534	3	a	Well I've tried X several times before and they've all been pretty good. But last Friday I took a pill called a Jawbreaker. I swallowed it b/c I hate to chew them up, and it took hold at about T+1hr. We were driving around and I had to get gas so we stopped at a station. While we were there we saw a group of teen runaways, or homeless people, and I wanted to go talk to them. It was really cool to hear what they had to say for a while, and I felt good about actually listening to them instead of just turning the other way when homeless people try to talk to me. 
2535	3	a	So we drove to our final destination, a hot tub in a private dorm on our college campus. A note about driving: people say that it doesn't impair your ability to drive, but I don't think its a very good idea. It was an extremely short drive, and I felt like speeding all the way there. There were some people in the tub, but it was cool b/c we all got along fine. The water felt GREAT and so did rubbing up against my friend. Everyone thought we were lesbians, but we aren't. It's just that when you are on X, you want to, you have to, touch things. And when you are touching your friends, it's not sexual at all. 
2536	3	a	So the trip was great, but the after affects suck. The pill I took was called a Jawbreaker, and I guess I was gnashing my teeth a lot (but I don't remember doing so). The next morning my jaw hurt sooo much, and I had chewed up the insides of my cheeks. So my cheeks were all raw and aching, and so were my teeth and jaw. It still hurts, 5 days after I took it. Some other pills I have taken are Stardust, which isn't that great, and Tiny Tarts, which are really good. Jawbreakers have been the best roll, but like I said the pain is hard to handle.
2537	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2538	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Large Group (10+) (19)
2539	3	a	Before the experience I am about to speak of, I had taken ecstasy once before. Though my after-effects were annoying (couldn't sleep, racing heartbeat), the experience had been a good one and definitely encouraged me to try it again.
2540	3	a	It was a Friday night and I was drinking heavily in a dorm room with some friends. My ex-boyfriend (we had been together three years and had only recently broken up) walked in the room and we had a huge fight, ending in him leaving in a huff. I began to bawl, the alcohol only adding to the sadness, when one of my friends took me out of the room and to a party down the street to 'make me feel better.' He bought some pills and handed me a small green pill. I wouldn't have taken if I was sober, but I was very intoxicated and just popped it.
2541	3	a	We went into the party and chilled for a while. I was feeling fine until about thirty minutes later, when suddenly I became extremely dizzy and my vision started changing, as if I was looking through the wrong side of prescription glasses. I grabbed my friend and told him this, and he just sat me down and got me some water. Just as I sat down, something snapped in my system and the world turned into fast motion. I lost all control over my body and started to run through the house and down the street, screaming at the top of my lungs. I honestly thought I was going to die -- my vision was blurry; I couldn't understand anything anyone was saying to me; the world was spinning and I couldn't stop running or screaming. Everyone from the party was grabbing onto to me, trying to get me to stop, but I couldn't. I felt as if I had the 'flight or fight' syndrome and I began to get very violent, punching people right and left, hitting myself, falling on the hard cement, bruising and cutting myself. My friend was trying to restrain me and in the back of my mind, I heard his voice telling me I wasn't going to die, that I would be okay. But I couldn't stop. At one point, I ran from everyone and collapsed in the bathroom. I began to convulse and had some sort of minor seizure and ripped everything down from the bathroom wall. Finally, my friend managed to hold onto me (I am a small girl -- 5'4, not even a 100 pounds, but my strength that night was enormous) and take me to another friend's apartment, away from the chaos.
2542	3	a	I instantly calmed and the good part of the drug kicked in. My body felt like a soft electric current was running through it. Blood was gushing from legs where I had fallen and cut myself, but I only felt love for everyone. My friend eventually took me back to his apartment, where I immediately fell asleep.
2543	3	a	I don't think I will try ecstasy again. I realize there were a lot of factors involved in my horror story -- alcohol, high emotions . . . but it scared me into thinking I need to be without substances in my body for a while.
2544	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2545	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Difficult Experiences (5), Large Group (10+) (19)
2546	3	a	All my friends had different opinions on ecstacy. Two friends said it was the best thing they had ever had, one said it didn't do anything, and one said that I shouldn't try it because 'it detaches your brain from your spinal column.' Even with the last bit of misinformation I decided to try it.
2547	3	a	I went to the apartment of two of my best friends one Saturday evening. We three, took one pill each (Mitsubishi DoubleStack). Then we started packing up their waterbong. They assured me that this would at least keep our minds off the MDMA until it's effects started. It did just that and I also believe that it had an interesting side effect, I'll discuss that later. About 45 minutes after taking the pill, my two friends were already equipped with water bottles and black and mild tips to chew on, and I started having this wonderfully euphoric feeling. My two friends were already feeling the effects. I had tingles all over my body and I couldn't keep from just feeling completely content. I was feeling the effects of the smoke, but I wasn't lazy like normal. I was perfectly happy just sitting and observing my friends conversation and the same second if one of them wanted to go for a walk or go across the hall to talk to the neighbors I was ready and willing to go. All I can say is my first time was wonderful and I think that we became 10 times better friends that night. We had no problem letting down our guard and just being exactly who we really were.
2548	3	a	The second time I tried ecstacy I was at the same friends' apartment. It was a Friday night about a month and a half later. This time there were about 10 more people. Most of whom I had never met before. This time I had a pill waiting for me when I got there, it was supposed to be the best thing around. A female aquaintance and I took our pills at the same time. She had only rolled for the first time the day before this. About a half hour into the pill neither one of us had felt anything. The only other person that took the same kind of pill was rolling out of his mind, but it was his first time. We assumed that there was something wrong, it also seemed like we had been waiting forever. So we each bought another pill, a different kind from a different person. We took those. Man. It was a speedy roll. And it was a great one. I can't say it was better than the first but it was different. The female and I became really close that night, not sexually. The next morning it seemed just like the morning after the first roll. A day later I was severely constipated, bleeding from the rectum and almost went to the hospital. Since then I have been /extremely/ hesistant about ever trying ecstacy again. But I came to the Vaults of Erowid tonight and read enough info on MDMA that I feel like I understand why that happened. One of the article said that a larger than 150mg dose of MDMA just causes a speedier roll and increased side effects, no more euphoria, no longer roll, nothing really worth the extra $25 or the extra side effects. Point being 1 is enough.
2549	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2550	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Post Trip Problems (8), Large Group (10+) (19)
2551	3	a	[Erowid Note: This individual was sold something as Ecstasy which they guess was perhaps Ketamine.  Since this time, it has become somewhat common knowledge that DXM is occasionally sold as Ecstasy while there have been few if any reports of Ketamine sold as Ecstasy.  It seems quite likely that what they took was DXM.]
2552	3	a	An interesting experience has prompted me to seek out information from those who may know more about it than I.
2553	3	a	First some background... About five years ago I was in an automobile accident that resulted in a stroke, which altered brain function in my right occipital lobe, who knows where else, physically manifesting itself as numbness on my left side, a not very coordinated left arm (due to spontaneous tremors) and a visual blind spot covering most of the upper left hemisphere of my sight.
2554	3	a	In the last year or so, I have begun trying recreational drugs... in many different venues... One relevant thing is that when I do dextromethorphan (robitussin) my blind spot becomes very active, filled with a sort of hallucination, ghostly shapes and figures swirling or just staying still for hours or days at a time after I robo. Well past the noticible effects of the robo-trip, these images usually last 5 days to a week in this nether-world of my sight. I've done DM probably 20-30 times and it's a fairly consistent reaction. I also noticed the same sort'f hallucinations years ago right after the stroke when I was prescribed propranolol in an attempt to calm the tremors in my arm. Anyway... that's all stayed the same until just this weekend, when I was out raving, which is something I do very regularly (every week), but this week I was sold something other than e. From the effects of the drug, I'm guessing that it was Ketamine, although I've never done ketamine before and don't know anyone who has to compare the effects to. It took like two hours to set in, and then became very robo-like, sort'f numb, hard to walk, pretty euphoric, extremely dilated pupils, and it lasted at least 24 hours. oh well... an interesting experience, but last night as I spent the night studying my differential equations, feeling very clear headed from the drug, now about 48 hours past the time I took it, but still sort'f noticing the state of consciousness effects, and very suddenly there were very strong flashes and activity in my blind spot. At once I noticed that things were very different. For one, I could see color through the blind spot, something I haven't seen there for over five years. The other thing was that I could detect movement in that visual area. All in all, not as clear or straight forward as color or movement in the opposite side, but a huge change, from nothing to something. The usual robo-hallucinations also kicked in, superimposed over the background new sight. I hadn't really noticed these hallucinations in the 48 hours prior to this moment... So... my blind spot is now about a third the size that it was yesterday, and I have a nice new portion of sight that's been missing for a while, and the hallucinogenic shapes are still there, although I suspect that they will fade over the next week as they do after taking DM. I'm guessing that the new sight will not fade, which I'm pretty darned happy about. I can't tell if my arm has changed... not as far as I can tell.
2555	3	a	So I guess my question is, does anyone know anything about Ketamine, it's similarities to DM, what it actually does to your brain, and if anyone else has any similar stories. Or, if you think this may not be ketamine, tell me anything you have to say... as you may imagine, I'm fascinated by all of this.
2556	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2557	3	a	MDMA (3), DXM (22) : Rave / Dance Event (18), What Was in That? (26), General (1)
2558	3	a	I didn't find out the E me and my friend had taken was 99% DXM until after the fact. My friends and I decided to drop at a well known rave club. While most of my friends had dropped another kind of E, me, another girl, and my ex decided to take the pills w/ DXM (called 5th generation green triangles, im pretty sure). We had no idea there was any DXM in them, much less what DXM was. Within the hour, my ex was vomiting heavily and claimed he was dizzy and completely disoriented. At one point he kept saying he wanted to die. Friends took him home soon after. My friend and I still didnt feel the effects, so we took another half tab of E. Within another hour, I began to feel very strange. I knew what I was feeling wasn't E. While my other friends were feeling happy and dancey (the 'huggy' effects of E), I felt distant from them, disoriented, and a bit warped. Not knowing yet what I was about to experience, I went to the bathroom alone. Big mistake. After 5-10 minutes I had completely lost it. 
2559	3	a	I dont remember much, but what I do remember is constantly stumbling and running into people. I felt more than drunk, I felt almost retarded, disassociated from my surroundings and even my body. I definitely could not see straight, people and objects seemed hazy, with a swirly effect to them, and it seemed everyone was staring at me. They probably were because I was stumbling so much people were constantly asking me if I was 'alright' or helping me up. I tried desperately to find my friends but I had absolutely no idea where I was walking and where I had left them. I later realized I had been walking in complete circles and had even walked into speakers. I was a bit scared but more freaked out b/c I had no idea what I had taken and why I was feeling the way I was. I took no heed to the trance music playing and felt absolutely no urge to dance. In fact, I knew if I tried to dance I couldnt do it, I felt almost lethargic and too lazy to even lift up an arm. I finally made it out of the club into the outside area, where it was more lit. While my vision seemed a bit better, I found it still intensely hard to focus on anything, my eyes were constantly wandering. At some points I'd forget who I was looking for and just stumble about in a 'drunken' stupor. 
2560	3	a	Finally one of my friend's boyfriend found me and asked if I was ok after looking into my eyes. I tried desperately to describe to him the effects this 'E' had on me but my sentences were jarred, not very comprehensible. He knew I was totally confused so we sat down, and I asked him to hold me. I felt much more comfortable being w/ someone I knew, but for the 40 or so minutes I hung out w/ him several people we both knew would come over and 'hang' w/ us, which I found strangely annoying (I'm usually a very friendly, outgoing and upbeat person, on E or otherwise). I was slightly paranoid and didnt feel like meeting any of his friends. During this time we both opened up to each other about our past relationships (my ex, and his current gf, who is my good friend). I dont know if it was b/c he was holding me, or b/c we were relating so well...but I got the strange feeling that he had a slight crush on me. Although I had always thought him very good looking and sweet, I did not like this feeling b/c I didnt want to betray my friend, regardless of my drugged state. Feelings of guilt and paranoia swept over me...suddenly my friends appeared! With tears in my eyes I embraced all 4 of them and kept interrogating them where they had been. I felt a surge of warmth, rejuvenation, and happiness at this 'reunion,' I dont think I had ever been so happy to see them. They were still on E and feeling the lovely effects, but I knew the only person who'd understand was my other friend who'd taken the DXM'ed E as well. When I looked into her fucked up eyes I knew she was feeling the same way I was. 'Something's wrong with this E, I'm so fucked up, I don't know what's going on,' I listened to her ramble on and on, agreeing w/ her every word. 
2561	3	a	We headed back into the club where her and I stumbled about; our friends had to help us walk. Our other friends then began dancing in one area but her and I stood there, quite stupidly, actually. I wanted to dance so badly but there was no way in hell I could even lift up a leg. We finally sat down on the ground, too confused and lazy to dance or even stand up. While our other friends danced up a storm in front of us, her and I sat with our eyes closed, every once in a while opening them. We felt almost sleepy, and extremely slow. Our friends tried to get us to dance but we could hardly lift up a finger. Everything looked strange to her as well, reality was bent and people looked odd. She too admitted strong feelings of paranoia and people 'staring' at her. We moved to a dark corner of the club where we were 'sure' no one was 'looking' at us. We never even felt the 1/2 tab of E, probably b/c of the DXM's overwhelming effects. Once home, we smoked out to hopefully elevate our trips...but my friend instantly puked and passed out with a miserable frown on her face. In contrast I felt better, possibly b/c I felt more comfortable w/ my surroundings (my friends in my apartment) and didnt have as weak a stomach as my friend. I didnt feel 'drunk' anymore but the visual effects were stimulating and intense due to the combo of weed and DXM. At one point I remarked my best friend looked like a 'mountain,' (admidst other stupid things I said which made absolutely no sense), to which we laughed hysterically. I fixated upon her smiley face, then realized the cartoony-looking Kern's Juice carton on the table in front of me was floating in the air. Everything had a strange appearance to it, a crisper, even 'cartoonish' slant to it, as opposed to the hazy, swirly fog images I was seeing earlier at the club. I knew it was b/c of the weed and enjoyed every minute of it. 
2562	3	a	The next day me and my friend vowed never to drop E again...of course this changed but I found it terrible we had expected to drop a good dosage of ecstasy and got DXM instead. I never found out it was DXM I'd taken until a couple weeks later, when people found out these particular E's were made entirely out of DXM. I think if I'd known I was going to take the drug I would have been better prepared for it and possibly enjoyed it. The disassociative effects of DXM differ greatly from the loveydovey effects of E.
2563	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2564	3	a	MDMA (3), DXM (22) : What Was in That? (26), Difficult Experiences (5), General (1), Club / Bar (25)
2565	3	a	[Note: Though the author did not know at the time what the pills were, testing of street ecstasy tablets has recently shown that many of the four-leaf clover shaped pills going around contain DXM rather than MDMA (12/99)]
2566	3	a	It was a normal Saturday night November 6, 1999, like any. My fried 'R' and I had fallen into a large sum of money. We decided to get pills like we usually do on the weekends. We got them from our normal source at out normal stop and headed to my boyfriends apartment. When we got there, the boys were drinking, and everything seemed normal. They were very surprised to see us pull out 11 pills. We were all amazed at the shape of the pills.... they were in the shape of 4 leaf clovers. We thought we were going to have the best night ever....
2567	3	a	We each took one. That left us with 7. When we started to peak after about a half hour we each took one more. About 10 minutes after that 'R' and I each took one and the boys split the last one. I ploped myself down in the bed and closed my eyes expecting to start really feeling good. My boyfriend was talking about god knows what and I just kind of fell into a hole. I remember 'R' going downstairs to her boys apartment and leaving me alone with my man. I don't even know how long I was laying there, but I tried to open my eyes and saw nothing. I remember asking over and over again where 'R' was. My boyfriend was getting mad and finally called downstairs to talk to 'R.' She was as messed up as I was. I asked her to come upstairs because I thought I was going blind and she said she couldnt walk. I don't remember getting off the phone but suddenly I was just laying there with my boyfriend talking about nothing again.
2568	3	a	I decided that I had to use the bathroom and tried to get up only to find that I fell right back into the bed. I made it to the bathroom after what seemed like hours. The light in the bathroom was blinding but I did what I had to do and got back to the bedroom. Brian then left the room for what seemed like hours and when her returned he told me that he puked. I had been getting that feeling all night, but had forced myself not to. I think I slept that night unless I was just in a hole. I guess I will never know.
2569	3	a	The next morning 'R' and her boy came upstairs. We all felt horrible. We were still all messed up. 'R's' boy had also puked the night before. It was a night I will never forget.
2570	3	a	I want to warn everyone to be careful. Always take E with people you trust and always trust the people you get it from. If you are offered WHITE pills in the shape of FOUR LEAF CLOVERS I beg you, DO NOT TAKE THEM. Maybe the ones I got were just a bad batch, maybe not. Just be careful.
2571	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2572	3	a	MDMA (3), DXM (22) : What Was in That? (26), Bad Trips (6), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2573	3	a	Having had a wonderful trip about two weeks previously, my partner and I decided to finish off our supply (around 150mg each, but actual dosage uncertain due to distance from supplier) at a dance party being thrown for an art opening.
2574	3	a	The party turned out to be something of a downer itself -- not too many people we knew and way too many of, well, the sort of people who would go to an art opening with a DJ and call it a 'rave' in all seriousness.  But we figured we'd do the e anyways and at least enjoy the dancing.
2575	3	a	About an hour after dosing, the only real obvious effects were a feeling of alienation, and mild paranoia, along with the beginnings of a headache.  We came to the conclusion that the social milieu was not really conducive to good trip and decided to leave.
2576	3	a	In the cab on the way back, felt some of the typical 'rushing' sensations and twitchness, but little or none of the euphoria I normally associate with e, and the headache was getting worse.  By the time we arrived back home, I was feeling vaguely nauseated and my partner moreso.
2577	3	a	At home, we attempted to lay down and relax a bit, but by this time we were both extremely uncomfortable with stomach cramps, jaw clenching, and a headache that was approaching migraine intensity.  My partner eventually vomited a few times, and I considered it but decided it would probably only make a bad trip nightmarish.  The next few hours were spent semirigid on our bed, trying to breath my way through muscle spasms and concentrate on not chewing my lips, tongue and cheeks bloody, with only minor success on both counts.  We finally passed into a fitful sleep sometime around 8am, and woke up around 1pm feeling miserably hung over and not at all happy.
2578	3	a	All in all, an utter waste of both a weekend and some expensive pharmaceuticals.  I had no interest in bothering with MDMA for quite some time after that: it was close to a year and a half later before I tried it again.
2579	3	a	Subsequent experimentation has led me to two conclusions: One, that I'm not at all the sort of person who likes to do drugs around lots of strangers; and two, that an eight to twelve week spacer between MDMA ingestions seems to be a bare minimum for my body to recover adequately.  Your mileage may vary.
2580	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2581	3	a	Yesterday my mate and I decided to use MDMA. The dose was 110mg each. I weigh 128kg, she weighs 86kg.
2582	3	a	By 7:45pm we were 'feeling' it. We went for a walk. We walked over to the school that I live near (its an elementary school, K-6). They have a garden, and we looked at all the wonderful flowers they have including some bizarre poppies and my favorite, gladiolas.
2583	3	a	We found ourselves on the swings shortly after that and enjoyed ourselves immensely. We both sort of hurt our ankles dismounting. Walking around I encountered some wonderful nostalgia -- I looked at trees that were nothing but saplings when I attended the school.
2584	3	a	I normally wear sandals and I indulged in a barefoot walk through the sandbox, and we remembered past trips on various other substances (namely LSD and DXM) at the same site. Mostly they were at night and it was very refreshing to be there during the day --  we didnt get that sneaky eeling.
2585	3	a	Soon after arriving back at home (we walked of course), she said she was peaking. I thought that I would be peaking soon too, so we laid down in bed and just touched eachother and made repeated 'i love you''s. The peak wore down in 1/2hr to 3/4hr. I suggested we go to the hot tub. Ive had some real lower back problems, and my doctor had recommended a Jacuzzi.
2586	3	a	So we got down there and I was overcome by an urge to go swimming. It was WONDERFUL. Ive never had the oppurtunity to swim on E before, but it is just beyond words. Wow. We then got in the spa and just hugged and kissed and thoroughly enjoyed eachothers company.
2587	3	a	Its unreal how close we felt. It was as if ... well its even hard to put it into words. We are normally very close and like to be nose-to-nose when possible... but the way we felt was something a little more. We hugged little closer and laughed a little longer, and so on. Complete elation.
2588	3	a	After about 1/2hr, we tired of the spa, and were getting worn out by the hot water and chlorine fumes. We made it back to the house and watched a little tv, letting the e wear off a little as it had been a little too strong.
2589	3	a	She got it in her head to go to the beach. Now, i dont know how many of you live near the beach. But here in southern california, the days are  retty warm right now so the plankton, etc, in the water are multiplying. This makes nights spectacular as the waves GLOW. They were INCREDIBLY light. The most beautiful thing I think we've ever seen. The waves just lit up like neon lights. She was completely taken by it. We took a walk barefoot down the beach. She was jumping up and down, watching the sand under her light up when she touched it. The water and the sand between my toes was fantastic.
2590	3	a	The walk was about a mile. When we got back to the car, she had gotten hungry (I had been grazing on poundcake, so I wasnt particularly  ungry). Around here, most places are closed by 12am, so we wound up going to the supermarket which is now open 24hrs. She couldnt decide what she wanted so we wandered aimlessly for a bit.
2591	3	a	Im a gardener at heart and by nature (no pun intended). I walked over to the florist section. We were both awestruck by the colors and smells and the /purity/ of the scene. We went from flower to flower, smelling and touching and just bursting with happiness and just incredible good feelings. Im growing gladiolas and some red morning glories and other plants. it felt so good to see other plants that were babied as much as mine. We were just completely taken by it.
2592	3	a	Anyhow, we managed to pry ourselves away from the flowers in search of nourishment and procured a fresh (at midnight?!) fruit salad. We also bought some rolls. The fruit was delicious. The rolls were equally good.
2593	3	a	The rest of the night mainly consisted of us coming home and remarking about how incredible our evening had been.
2594	3	a	We have a good time together. We can have a great time together WITHOUT mdma. But last night was special. Last night was one of the most spiritual, happy nights of my life. I cant believe how incredibly happy I was.
2595	3	a	Normally we are e-ravers. We use e at raves. The music and the people potentiate it. But we feel like E showed us its true colors last night and we're not sure we will ever use it at a rave again. I really think that E is a wonderful AID. A HELPER. Without the prior relationship, we wouldn't have felt as in love as we did. I think everyone should be able to use this drug.
2596	3	a	hehe and oh yeah. In case you didnt notice it by now, it has a wonderful afterglow that I am basking in, 28hrs later.
2597	3	a	The world can be a wonderful place...... youve just got to catch nature doing her thing. Like the ocean. or the flowers.
2598	3	a	I love everyone. (yes, even though sometimes its easier just to hate them -- E is helping me realize things like this)
2599	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2600	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Nature / Outdoors (23), General (1)
2601	3	a	I've rolled about 10 times before this experience, and none of them compared to this one time. Me and my girlfriend each took one buddha.  It took about 40min for it to hit me, It took her longer to feel the effects.  We were smoking a bob (Blunt, weed filled cigar...) about 30mins after we ate the pills.  Later i noticed that i was higher than a bob would get me, I knew i was rolling then.  It was all good, I was in a good place, my girlfriend's apartment.  I was with the person i loved, I was having fun talking to my girl about how we were feeling.  She seemed to be enjoying her roll also.  We had been listening to some Erykah Badu, One of our esential tripping/rolling music selections, I felt like changing the scene to see how i felt.  We put on a black light, That was tight! I felt calm and at peace with my soul and hers. Then we decided to turn off all the lights and light some candles. Bad Idea!  
2602	3	a	With the lighting concept the way it was we started talking.  About 5 minutes later my mind started to wander, I was overwhelmed with guilt, and sorrow.  I felt like you do after you've been crying for days!  I was rambling some wierd nonsense, talking about my mom spanking me over her knee, and about never touching another human again... I don't remember anything i was saying but my girlfriend told me later what had happened.  I was feeling horrible, in my mind different random memories of my past were flashing by.  All bad memories, such as my dad dying, fights i've been in, being locked up in JDC (juvenile detention center), and other bad experiences i've had.  While each experience was flashing through my mind I could feel the pain, guilt, fear, pity, anger, and embarrasment each memory portrayed.  While stuck in my head tormenting, my girl was starting to panic, she could see that I was lost and turning down the wrong path.
2603	3	a	I was still rambling absurdities and I as I looked into her eyes i could see my pain in her eyes, by this point I was fucking with her mind also, my situation was reaching to her, she started losing it too, I could see it in her eyes!
2604	3	a	but before she got to deep into her thoughts, she asked me to turn the lights back on.  She had to say it about 4 times for it to register in my mind, finally i ripped myself apart from my thoughts, got up walked over to the lights... my feelings changed just then, I felt better, I still felt guilty like i'd done something terrible. I turned the lights on and sat down.  I was still disoriented, still rolling, but out of my bad memories. I got an intense headache and felt scared the rest of the night.  What had happened to me?  A bad trip?  but for only aboout 15 minutes I was lost. 
2605	3	a	My girl said she was fully aware of what had happened.  She thought the light scheme helped me to lose it, the dark candle light lead me into my head, and that no other distractions like tv, music, and other things were keeping me from leaving.  When she asked me to turn the lights on it was a change of scenery and brought me back.
2606	3	a	What was it about that light scheme that lead me down that path?
2607	3	a	What would have happened to me if my girl didn't think quickly and didnt get me to turn the lights on?
2608	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2609	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), General (1)
2610	3	a	This was my third time doing Extasy. Previously I had tried Molly and 1 purple transformer. This time I intended on doing what was 2 pink Shooting stars. 
2611	3	a	I was all set up with my boyfriend to do it at my house. We started tripping around 8 and we picked up a 40 piece of marijuana so we would be chilled out. We came up after 20 mins and I started dancing for him for about 20 mins or more. The music was so intense and unbelievable. The song Exstacy by DJ Tiesto always gets me keyed up now. After the dancing I was out of breath in need of water. I had set up 2 cube like tents in my living room to hang out in. They were beautiful. I was rambling on about society and the boxes they try to keep us in. Me and my boyfriend made vows to each other, smoking a blunt and started talking about things buried beneath the surface. He confessed to me things about his childhood and I could imagine everything he described to me He confessed to me things about his childhood and I could imagine everything he described to me, I was just as fearful as he was as he vividly remembered the things he couldn't before. I on the other hand, hadn't had a chance to speak. And after all of his confessions, I had on big one. He was in the middle of telling me how much he loved me, and I shot it all to hell. I couldn't hold it in anymore, I was so afraid, he looked so angry. He was so incredibly angry. I was shaking and he called me a fucking whore. I thought he was going to kill me right then and there. But he calmed down. After a while I felt nauseous from all the tension. 
2612	3	a	We decided we needed to move away from the bad trip and we went into the bathroom, out of nowhere I leaned over the sink and puked. After a few seconds I felt fine and dandy. All I remember after this is having a really long intense discussion of who he could sleep with to get back at me for some things I did. Somewhere around then maybe an hour and a half in or so we decided to take our second hit as well as smoke some more. By then we were naked just for freedom, I was shivering though, sitting on my couch watching him get something from the fridge. I was rolling hard then all of a sudden he was in pink happy bunny super hero pajamas. I was about to ask him where the hell he found them and why he was wearing them until I realized that it was a very vivid soft layer of hallucination. They kept appearing and disappearing the whole night. After that he sat down and I know he was talking, but all I could see was his mouth moving and all I could hear was happy carnival music. Like I was on a merry go round. My rug started moving like a snake. I know I was seeing a lot, but I can't even remember it because it hit me so hard. (This was in a fully lit room mind you.) 
2613	3	a	As this was happening I was noticing his face start to morph and change. First he kept going from young to elderly and back and forth. Then I started seeing full patterns develop all over his face. As if they were burned and raised into his skin, Gothic crosses all over his face. Then His eyes turned into black holes, and there were white maggots crawling all over his face. I couldn't be scared though I was too euphoric. If it was LSD, I would've been scared shit. I'm not sure what went on for a while, my eyes were rolling around hard to stay focused or open, I was fighting consciousness. And it was like as if someone snapped me out of it I would regain myself randomly. 
2614	3	a	Somewhere along the line chain smoking three or four packs of cigarettes, and finishing our weed we called our dealer to get more pot but he wasn't around. And then somehow we called my dad instead of our dealer, and I sounded like a fucked up retard I was so embarrassed and scared I ignored his phone back checking if that was us. Then we called our other friend who was rolling with his sister, we talked to them for a bit. I got up and puked again but this time it looked like I vomited my shit. Again I felt fine after. 
2615	3	a	I'm not sure what we even talked about for those 8 hours, I only remember laying in my room enjoying the trip atmosphere chain smoking and passing out. When I woke up my jaw was so glued shut I could barely fit my index finger in the opening, there was cigarettes and ash all over the entire house. Burn holes and gum stuck to floor and blankets. I rolled so hard I blacked so much of it out. I have not much recollection of anything else. 
2616	3	a	After that, a lot of depressing stuff happened. A lot of stress came on. Ever since I felt like something has been changed in my mind. Ever since I felt like something has been changed in my mind. I've had about 10 - 15 panic attacks in the past 3 - 4 months following. I never want to do anything, I'm hot and cold, I'm very irritable, I get really scared and nervous. At first I just felt off then I got the panic attacks out of the blue like a month after. Now I have depression, I have random bouts of emotion and crying and nothing feels right anymore. All I know is that it really wasn't worth it if this is the price I pay. I don't know now if the pills may have been dirty, I hear a lot of shit about stars having DXM in them. All I know is that when I talk or think about it I get really antsy, I can't focus on a lot I feel emotionally drained. I haven't done that much E, but I'm scared I fucked my head for good. I'm trying to get past it slowly, but I feel so dull now. Marijuana makes me freak out, EVERYTHING makes me freak out and have a anxiety attack. This isn't who I want to be.
2617	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2618	3	a	MDMA (3) : Combinations (3), Health Problems (27), Hangover / Days After (46), Relationships (44), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2619	3	a	As far as things I’ve done before: Molly (pure MDMA), coke, Adderall, Xanax, tabs, oxys, kolonopins, various other pills and of course, weed. 
2620	3	a	My Boyfriends Bkgrnd: let’s call him D has done so much more then I have, he’s only rolled 4-5 times but he’s done all the things I've done plus heroin, crack, LSD, DMT and shrooms (all experimentation no actual regular use. He is a mind expanding experimenter like myself, not looking to have to fight an addiction problem)… probably other things that I don’t know about honestly. Although these days he mostly just smokes weed. 
2621	3	a	I am on birth control (Yaz), that is the only prescription drug that either of us are on. We did smoke weed that day, before and during the roll. We didn’t fast, as we honestly weren’t expecting to actually be getting these, as we had been trying for weeks. Then (we actually got really high and split a small pizza :-O) around midnight Saturday night I get a phone call from our friend B. B said he could get them and have them dropped off at around 12:30. I talked to D and we were excited, we were finally able to get them. It had been months since either of us rolled. It had been months since either of us rolled. The price was 10 per, which is pretty average around my area. 
2622	3	a	We were each taking 1.5 E pills. They were yellow and had a sort of lizard looking stamp on them. We received them Saturday night at about 12:30 am and took them around 1. We got them through a trustworthy friend who had taken these specific ones about a week previously, they had been tested to be sure that they were actually what we thought they were (with an at-home testing kit). 
2623	3	a	+0:00 we took the first pills at around 1am. Washed them down with a red Gatorade. D is about to fall asleep on my couch and B is hanging out with us and my friend J who gave him a ride. 
2624	3	a	+1:00 we split the third pill. We are just starting to feel the effects (the body rushes) I mostly felt it in my chest while D reported it more so in his legs
2625	3	a	+1:05 B and J left, so we decide to walk to the nearest gas station for cigarettes. The walk was breathtaking. Being outside felt great. The fresh air was like breathing in fresh life. D kept looking at me with the biggest smile on his face. We both are definitely coming up.
2626	3	a	+1:30 we got to the gas station, the stars looked so beautiful on our walk. And I felt so in love with and connected to D. When we walked in the gas station I felt as if as I was warming up my body was buzzing. It was like everything was beautiful and I could feel its energy, and its place in the world. We were stuck standing behind this woman who had to buy like 100 lotto tickets. We were waiting in line for 20 minutes and all we wanted was cigarettes.
2627	3	a	+1:50 I am definitely rolling now. I finally get my turn to go up to the counter I ask for a pack of Marlboro Medium 100’s and the cashier is talking to me about how someone spilled a Slurpee on the counter because they were high. And telling me how wrong it is to get high, all I could think about is how sad it is that someone could be so judgmental. I believe that if its your body and your mind and choosing to responsibly alter it isn’t necessarily a terrible thing. After I go D buys 2 packs of gum after smelling every pack in the store. 
2628	3	a	+2:00 we walk out of the store, and bust out in laughter. I grab D’s hand and we set off back for my house talking about how funny it is that the lady was talking to us about the evils of getting high, as we were coming up on a much more seriously mind altering substance. We talked about why people need to get more open minded about drugs, and not quite so judgmental. Then we were talking about how beautiful the night sky was. It was so clear and the stars were so bright it was breathtaking. On the walk home I turned on some techno music because it just felt right, but I had it on low on my cellphone because it was really late and I didn’t want to disturb the neighbors.
2629	3	a	+2:25 we get back to my apartment. The first thing I did was turn on the music, louder this time. If  your interested it was Ellie Goulding – Lights ( Bassnectar remix) and we started having a deep conversation. And hugging and kissing and touching. We started dancing too. 
2630	3	a	At this point I pretty much lost track of time. I was peaking from the first pill and the 2nd half is beginning to hit me. I am sweating but I feel great. The only  thing I don’t really like about these pills is that they make me shake, a lot. I tried to pack a bowl and I had to make D do it because I was shaking too hard. I tried to pack a bowl and I had to make D do it because I was shaking too hard. We were listening to all kinds of music and we were having lovely conversations about us. I realized that I am in love with D and I am so ridiculously happy to be with him. I realized that he not only cared about me but he is there for me no matter what… and a bunch of other really deep stuff. Eventually we were sitting around, me without my shirt or bra on, playing with my kitten (Delilah) and D in just his boxers continuously shoving gum in his mouth (he kept telling me the flavor was like an orgasm in his mouth) and I kept basically chain smoking cigarettes (which is not very cost effective, they're 10 dollars per pack in NYS). We did have some mind blowing sex. It felt like my whole body was orgasming the whole time. When he came he came for like 20 minutes. It was amazing. And afterwards we just kept kissing and touching and cuddling. We talked about why kids are scary and why I don’t want any for at least 10 years. We talked about our futures and our pasts and we talked about our friends. I felt like I was in a very loving place, with a wonderful person.
2631	3	a	Somehow, around 8am we crashed. First I started getting really cold, so I wrapped myself in a blanket and it felt SOOO good. It was warm and cozy. D spent the night, and when I finally allowed him under my blanket he held me all night. I had some weird dreams but I don’t really remember what they were. 
2632	3	a	As always the next day sucked. The only thing I could think is that I really wish I would have gotten more. It was strong but not quite as strong as I am used to. This was the first time I took E pills, usually in my area you can just find Molly (the crystallized MDMA powder). My whole body was sore so me and D just spent the day watching movies and smoking. It felt better that way.  
2633	3	a	 I got a much closer feeling with D and I feel that we have a better relationship because of it. E always seems to knock down those communication walls. Let’s me say what I really feel without fear of rejection, because if I say it with love I expect respect for it.
2634	3	a	Keep expanding your mind. Keep your realities changing/ Keep your heart growing. Keep learning and loving.
2635	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2636	3	a	MDMA (3) : Combinations (3), Hangover / Days After (46), Relationships (44), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2637	3	a	This was my third time experimenting with ecstasy, and first time alone. It had been about a year since I popped e, and I was really curious how different the effects would be if I'd done it alone. I was really curious how different the effects would be if I'd done it alone. It turned out to be rather a spiritual experience; I can't quite decide if it was good or bad.
2638	3	a	I had bought 4 caps of e about a week before, and had intended to use it whenever I felt like it. They were grey with a symbol of a gun imprinted in them. One Friday evening I spontaneously decided to pop them.
2639	3	a	I took one pill around 11:30pm, and started feeling minor effects about an hour later. I never got any strong effects from taking just one tablet, so I knew by then that I have a high tolerance for the stuff. I decided around 12:40pm that I’ll pop another.
2640	3	a	I was surprisingly feeling very relaxed. I personally actually don’t define e as a party drug or anything, but more of a spiritually euphoric experience type of drug. But that’s just me. Somehow I didn’t even feel the need to be around other people and I was able to enjoy it alone. I decided to write my thoughts on paper; I ended up writing 33 pages full of texts about life, philosophy, and everything that I could’ve possibly thought of.
2641	3	a	I was able to think things through so clearly, and I enjoyed this a lot. Even after the second pill I can’t quite say I was feeling euphoric, but more … I’m not sure how to explain it. I was thinking things so deeply that it made me slightly emotional but not extremely sad emotional. I was confident in my thoughts. I was thinking of things from the past a lot, reflecting on the life I’ve had. It was slightly overwhelming because every memory I thought of was brought to me with so much detail.
2642	3	a	I started listening to music as I wrote. It was absolutely amazing; I tried listening to a lot of things and I’m going to have to be a hippie and say classic rock sounded the best to me, probably because that’s my all time favorite. The sounds of guitars just took my breath away. I also tried listening to techno and trance, it was pretty good but it didn’t beat my favorite genre. Around 2:00am I decided to take my third pill.
2643	3	a	An hour later, I was rolling pretty hard. I kept on writing, as my writing became worse and worse. I was still making some sense but my writing was barely readable and I couldn’t write the letters properly. I spent another hour on my computer, sucking on a soother, writing in my book, and listening to more music. It was really chill. I was sweating pretty bad though, and I forgot to drink much water so that was pretty bad. My throat hurt pretty bad the next morning.
2644	3	a	I couldn’t control myself as much at this point and took the last pill without thinking about it much (or in that “Meh, why the hell not, I might as well!” attitude) around 4:00am. I continued with what I was doing for a bit more. Anything seems to entertain me while I’m rolling. But the most messed up thing happened around 4:40am or so.
2645	3	a	It was something I’d never experienced before. I started seeing things that weren’t actually there. Well, it was more like objects that are there that formed into something else in my mind as I viewed it. It was messed up, two bags of trash formed itself into looking like a cat and a dog plushie. I’d stare at it in confusion for about 2 minutes and it would slowly turn back into its original image, as just two bags.
2646	3	a	This got much worse after about 10 more minutes. I started seeing people. I was neither frightened nor comfortable with my hallucinations but I know for sure I was 100% awake and wasn’t dreaming or anything. I was lying in my bed and I kept seeing figures of my ex boyfriend, whom I’m still very close friends with. He’d be sitting beside my bed and I’d clearly see him as if he was actually there. He’d be moving his hand slightly and I’d also capture his movement, making things seem extremely realistic. Then I would reach out to him, he’d turn around slightly, but then as I get closer he’d fade away and disappear. Then he’d reappear in a bit at a different location in my room, and do the exact same thing all over again. This happened multiple times. I truly believed he was there in my room at the time because it was so realistic. It was crazy.
2647	3	a	It stopped around 6:00am or so though, and I was still writing. I looked over my writing after I was sober, and near the end I was not making any sense at all. I looked over my writing after I was sober, and near the end I was not making any sense at all. It was like I was having imaginary conversations with myself or my imaginations. I had school that day and I was exhausted but decided to attend anyways.
2648	3	a	The night was overall extremely interesting. I wouldn’t mind doing it again whatsoever except I should probably be smarter next time and decrease the dosage, and get some rest after rolling. I was in terrible condition for the next 2 days, not emotionally but because the e had given me physical damage.
2649	3	a	I developed some sort of infection in my mouth, these sore white patches on the inside of my cheeks, and my lips, and on my tongue. I also couldn’t eat for two full days and on the third morning I had woke up vomiting from starvation.
2650	3	a	My experience really sorted my thoughts out as I was in a difficult point of time with my relations with people. I also felt confident and independent with how I was able to enjoy it all by myself. It left me overall confident with my life and what I have now.
2651	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2652	3	a	MDMA (3) : Hangover / Days After (46), General (1), Alone (16)
2653	3	a	Firstly, I'm familiar with numerous psychedelics, dissociatives, cathinones, MDMA and some of its analogs. I have a normal tolerance at about 100mg for a dose. My friend has a low tolerance to many things, including molly, and she tends to trip heavily off anything 75mg or higher.
2654	3	a	T0: I take a 125mg capsule and my friend takes about 25mg.
2655	3	a	T40: We're both feeling an effect. I can't speak specifically for her, but I'm feeling an increased sense of empathy and a nice body glow. We talk for a bit and the conversation is nice. We wrap up in a sleeping bag to keep ourselves warm.
2656	3	a	T55: I redose 75mg and my friend redoses half of a 25mg pile. We're feeling pleasant. I'm thinking about how much I appreciate my friends and hope they're all doing well. I'm thinking about how much I appreciate my friends and hope they're all doing well. I let my friend know that she's one of my best friends.
2657	3	a	T1:40 My friend does the rest of the 25mg pile. The effects seem to be more short acting than MDMA I've done before. I start to wonder if I took some RC that I'm unfamiliar with. We continue to talk and chain smoke for hours.
2658	3	a	I'm experiencing an afterglow and feel grateful I'm not out being social. I'm enjoying the chill night with a good friend. Eventually she has to go and I'm here finishing up this report. I'll take a sleep med tonight to make sure I get a good night of sleep.
2659	3	a	In hindsight the setting I chose was good for my afterglow but not as social as usually is the case when I go to the bar to dance. However this was a positive experience and I'd do it again.
2660	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2661	3	a	MDMA (3) : What Was in That? (26), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2662	3	a	It was the night of my 19th birthday party and as a gift from a good friend of mine, I was offered an ecstacy pill. I first did ecstacy when I was 16 and between 16 and 19 I had probably done it about 8 times or so. Each time was a wonderful and exciting experience and to this day there are certain songs, people, memories and smells that bring a nostalgic memory of each experience. 
2663	3	a	Having had some very good times with it in the past and one pill always being more than enough, I jumped at the offer and was very excited and enthusiastic about the night to come. He had actually ended up offering me two pills. I took one and gave the other to my sister, who ended up splitting it with my then boyfriend just for fun. They were both different pills, I don't remember what the other one was but the one I took was green and had the Batman logo on it. That I will always remember. 
2664	3	a	I had taken the pill at about 10pm and by 12am I wasn't really feeling anything which wasn't normal I had taken the pill at about 10pm and by 12am I wasn't really feeling anything which wasn't normal, so I thought it was a shitty pill and just gave up wondering if I was high or not. My sister said she didn't feel anything either, but she didn't care either way. A short while later I started getting dramatically tired. The party was in full swing and it wasn't near over, but I asked my friend if he would drive me home. All I wanted to do was get in my own bed and go to sleep. He drove me home and as soon as I got in my house I felt very comfortable and couldn't wait to go to bed. 
2665	3	a	As I was nestled in my blankets and ready to shut my eyes, suddenly it felt as thought my eyes were glued open. No matter how hard I tried shutting them they would just slowly split back open. I tossed and turned for probably 3 hours and suddenly started feeling extremely paranoid and I was sweating but was freezing at the same time. By about 6am I could finally feel myself getting a tiny bit tired. For my birthday that year my sister had gotten me a book filled with the art of Camille Rose Garcia (it is very dark and inspired by old Disney esque cartoons). When I shut my eyes I saw the characters from the book I had received and they were all standing on a spiral stair case of some kind and  bending their knees bouncing up and down all in sync while I could hear the song 'puttin on the ritz', but the version covered by this musician from the 80's called Taco. (it's terrifying). For about the next hour this would happen every time I closed my eyes so I was too terrified to sleep. By 9am my entire family had driven to my parents house to throw a big birthday dinner for me. I walked downstairs looking like hell and the site of food made me want to vomit. Best birthday ever!
2666	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2667	3	a	MDMA (3) : What Was in That? (26), General (1), Various (28)
2668	3	a	As a resident of the city of New Orleans, I have had more than my share of mind-altering substances.  I also just 2 months ago just was able to return home due to the devastation my city faced.  I suffered PTS after the storm and frequently found myself depressed over everything I know gone.  My whole life literally gone in a flash all my possessions, gone.  Friends family an entire community gone.  After I found myself always lamenting the past, wanting it back, more or less trying to find a way to get it back.  The country doesn’t realize what we went through and are still going through.  Progress is so minimal and help is so hard to get.  
2669	3	a	I have been experimenting with the substance MDMA for about 5 years now.   This particular experience begins when a good friend came to New Orleans to visit.  I love when my old friends visit because since Hurricane Katrina things are so different.  We did not prep for our MDMA adventure, we were out at a couple of bars, I had already had two beers and we just happened to get a phone call.  When I saw our prize I was so excited, it has been years since I saw pills that looked like this.  It was double stacked red fish with what appeared to be chunks of shiny crystal embedded into the pill.  To make sure someone didn’t just roll the pill in glitter I cut it in half and noticed the inside was the same.  My friend who is a true veteran with MDMA was the firs to take them, he ingested 1 ½.  Before I knew it his pupils were huge and it had been years since I saw feeling so little so intensely.
2670	3	a	I took my first one and anxiously awaited.  After about fifteen minutes I began to feel a dreamlike warmth wrapping around my body.  The onset began slowly and gradually like I was being lifted up   and the world around my slowly became more open and brighter.  After about ten minutes my stomach became a little queasy but I didn’t feel as if I was going to throw up.  It felt like a little ball in my stomach but then felt as if it was expanding throughout my body, but as it spread it went from a queasy feeling to a rushing tingling sensation it moved out and then up in a rush throughout my face and it felt as though  it moved all the way to the tip of my hip length hair. It had been a long time since I had felt a rush so clean and pure but at the same time intense.  It was a perfect moment.  I opened my huge eyes and saw my home for the first time in this frame of mind  since Hurricane Katrina.  I felt a beautiful sense of certainty and completion looking around and seeing my home even though progress is still minimal.  And for the first time I saw good in the devastation I survived.  I thought about how we had no money, no home and FEMA would not aid us, but I thought of everything we accomplished since then.  For the first time in over a year I didn’t fell bitter about what happened to me I was happy about it.  One of the worst things that could ever happen to someone happened to me its over and I survived…I’m still picking up the pieces but I realized God wouldn’t have taken me this far just to let me fall.
2671	3	a	I thought rolling with my old friends would bring back what I had, but instead it did so much more for me.  My experience gave me hope for the first time since my life was taken away from me.  It didn’t just change my perspective for that one night, I try not to think about my old life anymore, I just plan what I’m going to do with my new life.
2672	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2673	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Glowing Experiences (4), Depression (15), Therapeutic Intent or Outcome (49), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2674	3	a	I want to write this experience report as like many other I had a weird experience on MDMA and I am still not sure of what really happened that night… I am still not sure of what really happened that night… I call it a weird experience as it was definitely not a bad trip, I had a couple of those in the past and they were pretty spooky, long and involving 3-4 more people. 
2675	3	a	I took MDMA the first time when I was 21 yo during a journey in Spain with 6 friends of mine and it was great, amazing only good vibes; then I took it now and then (like once per month) in electronic or drum 'n' bass festivals and techno raves but I definitely found my dimension in GOA parties, open-air spaces along the weekend in central Italy near Bologna until I was 27. In this period we experiences two really bad trips but after some time it was fine again. In the past 3 years I stop because the situation and the people I was hanging around changed but this winter I went to a minimal/electronic event and I took some MDMA again. 
2676	3	a	I felt great and after 3 months I went to a drum 'n' bass night into a small club. The night starts with a couple of beers and then we took 0.2mg of MDMA. After one hour my friend start to feel it and roll, I waited 30min. more and I took another 0.1mg, finally I also started to roll. The music was great, I knew that Dj very well and I had a good peak but as the Dj changed I immediately stopped rolling and probably being bored (it can happen also on MDMA) I start to listen to what the MC was saying, it was very repetitive with a lot of “whatcha” “rolling” and so on. Then I start to look at some chicks that were there and I started to hear the MC commenting on what I was doing, like “he watch her, he stop her… nooo she run away”. 
2677	3	a	I hadn’t put too much attention on it but suddenly I had the clear impression that the MC was commenting all my actions I had the clear impression that the MC was commenting all my actions, I was drinking and I heard him saying “ your body need water” and so on. I thought “ok, maybe he is just commenting on everything he see around him” not a big deal and I went into the other room. After a while I came back and started to talk with some people at the entrance of the room smoking a joint and heard him saying “now is back, but I does not enter, enter, enter”. I did not know exactly what to do, I was not high at that point, the peak was gone by a couple of hour and I went again to the other room. There was a different DJ without MC but I heard something like “maybe you gone away but we might keep your buddy”, I didn’t want to tell him anything as he was so happy, why ruin a good sensation??… My friend told me “ I'm going to the other room” and I decide to stay there, and I heard from the DJ  say “he’s gone, now you will follow him to the next room” and there I said to myself “if they comment on something I am doing it’s ok but if they tell me what to do… FUCKING NO WAY” and I left the club. 
2678	3	a	I took a long walk on the way to home thinking if they were really teasing me or if everything was only in my mind. I am not a type of person that gets offended easily, especially on MDMA, one really has to work hard to make me upset… plus, at the start it was also fun I have to say but when it become too much I quit… Probably the MC and the DJ were just playing their music and my brain created this sort of illusion, who knows … but I can tell you that if I would have been taking more MDMA or drank a lot of alcohol along with or mixed it with something else it could have led me to a proper bad trip. 
2679	3	a	The next day I was feeling like shit as usual after MDMA but nothing special, no hallucinations nor hearing weird stuff, what I did was check the flyer for the party and strangely enough, I discovered that one of the features of the crew that played the night before was “audial illusion” (seriously WTF). One of my previous bad trips led me down in a tent hearing distorted voices that were really spooky and paranoid but that time as I wrote before, I was not the only one. Now I would like to ask if somebody else had similar experience of illusions especially when they are not “that high” or at a 72h rave. 
2680	3	a	Anyway I decided to not take MDMA, I will be paranoid if the same thing happens again.
2681	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2682	3	a	MDMA (3) : Music Discussion (22), General (1), Club / Bar (25)
2683	3	a	Anonymous MDMA (molly) experience report written for my own reference for comparing suppliers. And shared because ' why Not'.
2684	3	a	This is a tan crystal that has been finely powdered to the consistency of cornflour (looks like fine raw sugar). It has a slight Licorice / root beer smell.
2685	3	a	Me - 30ish size XXXL male, average fitness, occasional mdma / xtc user about twice a year on and off over the last 20 years. I took this dose with no other drugs in my system about one hour after waking and after a lite breakfast and strong coffee. I took this dose with no other drugs in my system about one hour after waking and after a lite breakfast and strong coffee. 
2686	3	a	Method - 160mg weighed up in mg scales dropped in glass of ginger beer soft drink and drunk in a single skull. Best guess at dose allowing for residue left on scales and in glass 150mg +/- 5mg.
2687	3	a	9:00: Just coming on NOW slight head rush, a little numb, tingling toes
2688	3	a	9:40: seems to be at the peak now feeling ??? Numb and sensitive to touch at the same time ( does this make sense?). Talkative, energetic, sociable, horny, - sights, sounds, touch, and smell seem magnified >100x. Best MDMA experience ever. I decided to just enjoy myself at this point and finish my report the next day.
2689	3	a	CONCLUSION next morning about 24 hours after dosing I have decided to leave my original report unedited except for spelling
2690	3	a	Feelings (some of this is hard to put into words): No sign of my usual anxiety in social settings at all. 
2691	3	a	Mentally alert, or so I thought at the time, though at one stage I gave up changing a phone sim after countless failed attempts, a little dreamy at times seem to get into music and drift off some place nice in my mind.
2692	3	a	Physical: The numb and sensitive thing I tried to explain before, tingling in extremities mainly at the peak, no appetite, feel warm even though I know it was a cold night.
2693	3	a	Social: Much time spent talking on phone and waiting for my best mate to return from work to talk. I could of easily gone out to a club and confidently tried to pick up girls unfortunately the opportunity wasn't there.
2694	3	a	Sexual: Not much to report from a single man at home (porn's good also).
2695	3	a	Negative effects: Not much to report, a little nausea at peak that went away instantly after a glass of water. Didn't sleep at all that night though that was only negative because I was bored and lonely.
2696	3	a	No physical signs that I used at all yesterday, not tired at all even though I haven't slept. Happily listening to music and typing now. My mood is better than normal possibly more energetic and thoughtful than my usual morning mood.
2697	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2698	3	a	I never did hard drugs, only weed and hash very frequently. As it was a first time we decided to stay home with a good company and sound system, candles and shit. House party. 
2699	3	a	We had scales so the guy gave me 70 mg. I drank it with water. My side effect of this drug is nausea. It happens every time 20-30 min after taking My side effect of this drug is nausea. It happens every time 20-30 min after taking, and after I vomit all the tripping starts. None of my friends has nausea though. 
2700	3	a	After 25-35 minutes I feel super relaxed, and I would say tired and lazy. I don’t feel like doing anything just sitting in the warm place with music and smoking a cigarette. Then after time I am only relaxed, but not tired or lazy and then energy comes to me slowly and I begin to feel very social, talkative, friendly and there is happy vibes and love and unity with people and lots of empathy and interest in other people’s lives. 
2701	3	a	After 1 hour I started talking to everyone and my boyfriend said to me later that I didn’t shut up for 8 hours, it was me who was speaking the most. He also said he could see I enjoyed the drug too much. Yes I did. We did it next day again with 90mg and after 2 days again with 100mg. We did it too often to be honest it was too crazy, but my excuse is that were last days of summer.
2702	3	a	About hangover. I have no depression or bad mood or loss of magic. It’s the opposite actually what I feel the next day, even though I had a lot of depressive symptoms in the past before trying drugs and family history is also filled with my mum depressive mood. Although the next day after mdma I feel super excited. I open my eyes and I want to get up and start my day. Actually I am never that motivated in the mornings as after mdma. I am a heavy weed smoker and after smoking weed in the mornings I usually have no energy to do something. I am a heavy weed smoker and after smoking weed in the mornings I usually have no energy to do something. But on mdma its totally different. That’s why I guess I liked its so much. No hangover!!!! 
2703	3	a	I didn’t drink alcohol during the trip, just lots of water with ice and lemons or oranges, also some juices like orange or cranberry. I smoked weed and hash but mostly cigarettes.
2704	3	a	I feel happy that I finally discovered something good for parties and I don’t need to waste my money and well being for cocktails which make me sleepy and stupid. I never thought that doing drugs, here I mean mdma, can be such a cultural thing. By this I mean, its just a very nice time where I connect to other people and music. Its magical I would say. And I feel that magic the next day too, or the memory…
2705	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2706	3	a	MDMA (3) : Combinations (3), Glowing Experiences (4), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2707	3	a	About two weeks ago, I and eight of my close friends went to a local rave.  Once we entered, all of us dispersed among the crowd of pulsating bodies.  Eventually, I met up with three others: N, M, and J. I purchased three blue D&G; tablets for M, J & I, and two white rolex tabs for N & I.  This was the seventh time I had rolled.
2708	3	a	J, M and I ate our blue pills, and hugged.  N wandered off, and so the three of us stuck together and went outside for a smoke.  Once we'd had a few cigarettes a piece, we wandered back inside and danced together.  We bought a bottle of water to share, and once it was empty we went into the bathrooms to fill it up.
2709	3	a	Now, this is about 30 to 40 minutes after we had taken the E, and we were all growing impatient.  This was only intensified by the presence of the many girls in the bathroom who were already rolling.
2710	3	a	I hugged J and M goodbye, and went outside for another cigarette- but much to my surprise, this is when it hit me. My face broke apart into a wide grin.
2711	3	a	My ex-boyfriend had also attended the rave, and he found me outside smoking.  And despite all of the euphoria I was feeling, all of the love I had for every being outside in the sprinkles of rain with me, he was the one person who scared me.  His eyes were horrifying.  Just looking into them made me sick to my stomach.  His pupils were dilated, and the pools of black began to swirl as I stared into them, flickering green and yellow and white-- conveying to me a sense of evil.  I managed to suck in another drag of my cigarette, but it caused me to retch.  On the verge of puking, I flicked the cherry off of my cigarette and saved it for later.
2712	3	a	My ex followed me inside, I felt the need to have J and M by my side.  I bolted to the bathrooms, and found them there.  I was safe!
2713	3	a	Once I had reached a comfortable environment, I relaxed, and the first intense wave to signify my peak hit me.  I cuddled with my group for a great deal.  I ate my other pill.  This is where I lose track of time.
2714	3	a	We decided to hit the dance floors, but somehow I was separated from J and M.  I thought I saw someone who resembled one of my best friends, a beautiful, petite girl from my old highschool, and so I ran over to her and yelled, 'HI!!  Where have you been?!  I missed you!'
2715	3	a	She responded as if she had known me, but as soon as she looked me straight in the eyes I realized she was not my friend.  But the resemblance she had to my friend gave me a closeness to her, and immediately had the urge... I needed her to be mine. I had found my soulmate, and I could really FEEL it.
2716	3	a	We exchanged names, and I thought it my responsibility to get her phone number -- but no one had a pen!  So we swore to each other that we would get numbers at the end of the night.
2717	3	a	I continued to see her throughout the evening, and whenever I would see her look  back at me, my heart would race.  I would smile, without thinking about it.  I wanted to hold her, to be able to spend every moment with her.  I was in love.  And I never even got to kiss her.
2718	3	a	She gave me her favorite piece of candy, an amazing rainbow bracelet that when I now look at it, I begin to tear up and feel empty inside.
2719	3	a	We sat together against the wall, watching the beauty of people in movement on the dancefloor.. and she leaned over to me, her nose touching mine, and said, 'We're soulmates, we're meant to be.' and gave me a hug.  This is when I peaked on my second pill.
2720	3	a	My feelings toward her were so intense, I can't even describe them.
2721	3	a	But in the end, I witnessed her making out with some half-naked guy in the corner.. and I felt my heart break.  I never got to say goodbye-- my friends caught up with me and dragged me outside and into the car.  We were headed for an afterparty.  And it was only midnight.  It felt like an eternity had gone by. I cried myself to sleep for two or three days.  And I never even got her phone number.
2722	3	a	Although she was intimate with someone else, I understand that she was rolling and that it seemed appropriate to her at the time.  In two weeks I'll be going to another rave that she told me she would be at, and I'll find her.  And we'll be together again.
2723	3	a	All in all, it was a good time-- until the end.  But love conquers all, and I forgive her.  After all, she's the love of my life.
2724	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2725	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Rave / Dance Event (18)
2726	3	a	I had done E twice before this. Once by myself and another time with a few friends. I never really got much out of it either time, except an overall euphoria. 
2727	3	a	A friend that owed me money asked me if I would like a hit instead of the money, figuring that I would probably end up spending the money on it anyway, I said yes. I decided to save mine for the next night because I had already started drinking.
2728	3	a	After being picked up by a few friends the next night, I decided to take the little blue pill. We decided to drive about an hour into one of my friends parents house, so we stopped in at my place so I could grab my purse and some other stuff. While there, a friend and I smoked a bowl and were on our way. 
2729	3	a	During the drive, I sat and talked to my friends, listened to some music and just chilled. My friend kept asking me if I was feeling anyything yet, I responded with 'just the weed', but I could definetly feel it coming on (this was about 25 minutes after taking it). 
2730	3	a	After about a half hour, I was having the best time. Dancing in the back seat with my friends (who were not on E), giggling, listening to techno, taking pictures, just having an all around good time. I was a bit dissapointed because no one else was rolling but I got over it. 
2731	3	a	Once we arrived at my friends house I just felt so happy. I stood outside and talked to a guy who was an experienced drug user. He kept asking me questions about what I was feeling and stuff like that, I really liked describing it. After finishing my smoke, we headed inside. 
2732	3	a	After walking into the house, it seemed so gorgeous to me. The orange and purple walls seemed like they were radiating. The house was very cool, which felt nice because it was so hot outside. I messed around on her computer for a bit while the guy that was with us decided to make a ouija board. While he was making that, I decided to sit and talk with my friends. There were brand new leather couches in the living room and they felt AMAZING to touch. They were so soft, it felt like I was touching leather for the first time. 
2733	3	a	I decided to go out for a smoke and my best friend (I'll call her S) came out to sit with me. We were just talking about normal stuff, school, our friends, shit like that, when all of a sudden, the topic switched. It felt like, at that moment, I could tell her anything. I had been keeping alot of stuff bottled up inside of me and this just seemed like the right time to tell her about all of it. I had been keeping alot of stuff bottled up inside of me and this just seemed like the right time to tell her about all of it. We sat out there for a good hour talking about everything, love, heart break, drugs, family, school, after high school. 
2734	3	a	This was seriously one of the best conversations of my life. S had told me before that if I had ever tried E, she wouldnt speak to me (her sister is a drug addict and she doesent want me to go down that path), but once I told her I had done it before, she seemed ok with it. Until now; she told me what she really felt. She said that she has seen so many ppl fuck up their lives over drugs and she cared too much about me to let me do it too. I began to cry (this wouldnt be the last time I cried during this conversation). I told her that I wouldnt do it again, I felt happy that she told me this, because I didnt want to ruin our friendship. We also talked about our relationship, and how it hasnt been all that good lately. We talked about trust, and our futures... this made me cry again. It was like I couldnt control my emotions, everything that we talked about just made me burst into tears, I think this is because I have been holding so much back and now that I could let it all out, it was just emotional overload. 
2735	3	a	Not much happened after this, we played with the ouija board but I had to stop because we were talking to a deceased friend of ours, and he had said not to do drugs. I felt so bad, probably because I was on drugs, and knowing that he didnt like them just made me feel horrible. 
2736	3	a	All in all, this was probably one of the best rolls so far. I was able to get out all of my feelings and not feel embaressed or ashamed by them. My friend and I now have a better, stronger relationship because of the things we talked about, I have E to thank for this.  E shouldnt be taken lightly, it can be a dangerous drug when abused, like any other. Just be careful, and make sure your not using it for the wrong reasons.
2737	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2738	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Relationships (44), General (1)
2739	3	a	The following report is a short exerpt of an MDMA experience I had alone with a 160mg (120mg + 40mg) dose. Here it is:
2740	3	a	Setting was a home in my unit by myself. No other medications used besides MDMA and I have no medical history. 
2741	3	a	1215. 120mg capsule taken after eating 1.5 hours ago.
2742	3	a	1230. Feeling tingly. Took a little left over from a cap. Probably 10mg or so.
2743	3	a	1250. Feeling a bit of a rush, just subtle at the moment. Hands getting a bit sweaty.
2744	3	a	1258. Definitely feeling the rush creeping up on me now! Looking around fast, feeling content :) Decided to play a game of black ops. Had to put the aircon on as I noticed the temperature a bit, not uncomfortable but more comfy with the aircon on. 
2745	3	a	1325. Really feeling it kicking in now. Waves of euphoria and pleasure. Feeling completely at ease with myself and everything around me.
2746	3	a	1330. Have started to come up on the peak. Feeling pretty happy. Working through a few personal issues with my girlfriend, able to examine them easy and gain some good perspective. 
2747	3	a	1418: Just chilling here and listening to music. Feeling really content. Have definitely gone through those issues I needed to go through and gained some valuable perspective on everything.
2748	3	a	1438. Dosed 30mg more out of a cap probably 20 minutes ago. Feeling the peak now. They reckon 3 hours for a full peak so still got 30 minutes to go. Just playing cod and thinking to myself and just chilling. Good setting and choice to do this by myself :) No distractions just gonna game, have a few cigarettes and chill at home till training tonight :)
2749	3	a	1500. Just relaxed, sitting outside in a hammock. The last little bit I took has kept the peak going for a little bit.
2750	3	a	1600. Pretty much come down from my peak now. Just feeling that warm afterglow that you get. 
2751	3	a	0800. Feel pretty much normal. Slept well around 8 hours. Feel slightly fatigued like I'd had a few drinks the night before but nothing much. Overall good experience yesterday.
2752	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2753	3	a	MDMA (3) : Alone (16), Therapeutic Intent or Outcome (49), General (1)
2754	3	a	A lot of people are afraid of psychedelic drugs because of “ego death”. I’ve done psychedelics several times in the past and never really experienced what I would call ego death, more like an overwhelming of the senses with the contents of the mind – which I think might be the opposite of ego death. 
2755	3	a	But recently I did experience ego death when I popped a Molly, and it was nothing like I expected or could have ever anticipated. It was very pure stuff and my best friends roommate hooked me up. I went out to a club to celebrate a friend’s birthday and just felt bad vibes all around. I decided to go back to my friend’s house and chill. I started thinking about my family and started having overwhelming fear – a normal experience for me whenever I think about them, well at least before now. I thought about them and I was flooded with lots of different fear based emotions like worry and resentment. 
2756	3	a	All of a sudden I heard a voice, a still quiet voice, or maybe it was an intuition, a pure thought from God, I don’t know, but I heard something say “breathe into your heart.” So this is what I did. I took deep breathes into my heart. I slowly began to recognize the difference between the heart and the mind. I slowly began to recognize the difference between the heart and the mind. The mind is the architect but the heart leads. If the mind leads it is chaotic. The heart feels the world for itself, it seeks its own reflection. The heart always leads us to love. Keep in mind that I’m talking about the physical organ that is beating inside of your chest. I went outside and sat on the porch and gazed up at the trees, flooded with the Sacred Epiphany. That everything and everyone just wants to be loved, seen and appreciated. That’s it. That is the Answer to Why. History was created by the mind, but we are entering a world that will be created by the Heart. If we are led by our Heart we will experience miracles. I’ve experienced many miracles in my life, and they were all in the presence of great love. 
2757	3	a	This experience I consider true ego death, because I no longer believed my ego. I know that the mind creates illusions – perhaps illusions isn’t the right world. The mind is the hands, the Heart is the head. Everything exists within the Heart. The Heart is powered by Love, that is its fuel. When we appreciate the Heart, we appreciate love and we appreciate miracles. When you feel uncomfortable, breathe into your Heart. There you will find the peace that surpasses all understanding. This is why the mind is so afraid of love. Because love is infinite. The mind cannot grasp infinity. It can only grasp mathematics. But you can experience love, the infinite love and infinite grace. Walk with your chest out. Stop smoking. Eat more garlic. And breathe into your Heart. I love you.
2758	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2759	3	a	MDMA (3) : Entities / Beings (37), General (1), Various (28)
2760	3	a	I was pretty excited, but kept my cool as I parked at a beautiful outdoor venue in Colorado for a rave. I drank a 24 oz can of a flavored malted beverage, and half of a shot of flavored vodka, a bottle of water. I smoked one large hit of marijuana to ensure I was calm enough to allow the effects of the MDMA that I was about to ingest would hit me.
2761	3	a	I had loads of energy and motivation to dance. I have always gone to raves sober. The energy of the crowd always kept me going during the ENTIRE rave. About 20 minutes after I got there, I coated the tip to the 1st knuckle of my pinkie with the powder and licked/sucked all of it off. I repeated this after another 20-30 minutes, then every 30 minutes or so until it was all gone! It was an inch by inch little square baggie full of the MDMA powder, but it was still flat. The baggie was not bulging in any way. If it was all at the bottom, it would maybe be a sixth of the way full of powder. (I paid $30 for it)
2762	3	a	I was experiencing this natural high for the first hour and a half to two hours, until I could tell something was happening. I kept trying not to think about it and focus on the music (since I had some Ecstasy twice before and blocked the entire experience, even though my husband and friends had the full experience I had some Ecstasy twice before and blocked the entire experience, even though my husband and friends had the full experience).
2763	3	a	I could tell my pupils were dilated due to the feeling that I had my eyes open REALLY wide. I got excited and danced even harder, jumping higher, screaming louder! I was elated and still excited for what was to come, but it never got any better than that.
2764	3	a	After about 3 hours of the same sensation, I lost my energy. I sat down, but I still bobbed my head to the beat! I was still enjoying myself, but not as much as if I was sober.
2765	3	a	Contrary to what I’ve heard, my experience was pretty dull. I could compare it to drinking enough to get a pretty good buzz (not able to drive, but able to be aware of my surroundings and to control myself), and not drinking anymore and hanging out with everyone until I feel completely sober again.
2766	3	a	I never had a peak, or a plateau … my eyes dilated and I liked looking at the light shows provided by the stage and other audience members. But that was all that I felt   :o(
2767	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2768	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Rave / Dance Event (18)
2769	3	a	I am not a fan of snorting drugs, mostly due to bad experiences with cocaine where the insufflation never stops and real damage occurs, it hurts to breathe through the nose, horribly colored snot, and of course, the blood. I snorted my way to having pinholes for sinuses, I just kept doing it because the other option was a cook-up, and I didn't want to go down that road...again. The practice of insufflation stuck as something I do not enjoy. Snorting is my least favorite ROA for any compound, though I still do it from time to time if the mood is right. DPT for instance, is a powerful tryptamine along the lines of DMT, but it needs to be vaped or snorted for a proper effect. I hear vaping DPT feels even weirder than snorting it, so that's the ROA I decided on. To make this brief, on occasion I bite the bullet and roll up a $20 to make some powder(s) disappear. Today, for reasons no one can rightly explain, I wanted to find out what snorted MDMA feels like.
2770	3	a	"Many people who buy MDMA these days buy it in crystals, no longer in caps or pills, so the notion of snorting the stuff probably came pretty naturally when the crystals themselves started being sold in grams and half-grams, rather than individualized doses. I've seen people snort crushed ""Ecstasy"" pills back in the day, but one never knew what was in those, and I never had the gall to snort it."
2771	3	a	This was Marquis tested (blackish-purple and some fizzing), so I guessed it was genuine. I'd tried Molly a few times orally so I had an idea of what to expect, albeit faster and stronger in on-set. I weighed out 75mgs of crystal on my .000 scale, crushed the crystals to powder, and while I knew it would burn from watching others do it, it wasn't as bad as I thought. I've had Yopo--this really wasn't so bad. The effects were a lot quicker, I am now about 40 minutes into the snorted-MDMA experience, and it feels more like edging toward the 2 hour mark of an oral dose. This also means the roll will be much shorter, but I'm fine with that. 
2772	3	a	I should note that I used far less material than usual for an oral dose; in a capsule I take at least 200mgs and usually boost. 75mgs seems to be pretty cool, and the side effects of my larger oral doses are minimized: No sweating, jaw clenching, overheating, urine retention or Nystigymus (eye wiggle that makes it hard to read) seem to be present. To minimize these unpleasant effects from the higher oral doses I need to achieve any effects from MDMA, I may stick to this ROA. It's corrosive, but so was all that cocaine, and I'm not nearly as big an Ecstasy guy as I was for cocaine. I don't think a few times a year is gonna do any more damage than coke already has.
2773	3	a	In short, for me anyway, I use a less toxic amount of M when I snort it, and actually feel good instead of heavily poisoned.
2774	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2775	3	a	Although there is much I could talk about, I will keep this report concise.  I'm mainly writing to find out if others have shared my experience.
2776	3	a	While in the height of (hypothetically) taking four mdma pills, I found myself having a number of frequent visuals.  One visual felt fully interactive.  I found myself in a small cave about with a ceiling of about 7 feet high.  The cave was dark and foggy and had pillars that looked to be stalagtites connected to stalacmites.  The walls and floor throughout the cave was covered in what appeared to be white, wooly, soft, spiderwebs.  I found that I was looking out from one of the pillars where the webbing had covered my body entirely.
2777	3	a	Although this situation sounds like it should be frightening, I was not frightened in any way.  In fact, I felt warm and peaceful and a sense of connectedness with everything around me. While in the cave, I did not see any other individuals/entities.
2778	3	a	Later while researching various metaphysical topics, I discovered that some individuals have described this same experience while meditating.  They referred to it as the 'buddhic realm.'  I'm curious to whether any other individuals have shared my experience.
2779	3	a	My night was unforgettable and ranks up there as one of my top ten experiences of my life (although I had a hangover that lasted for two weeks).
2780	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2781	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Glowing Experiences (4), Mystical Experiences (9), Hangover / Days After (46), Unknown Context (20)
2782	3	a	Never done anything before, hate smoking and dont even drink a lot. I had new years day off work so I was keen for a big night. Been considering pills for quite some time as alcohol makes me tired and I just get rather bored. I like to dance a lot and am pretty outgoing. Got a mates house party of about 30 people, so not a huge crowd.
2783	3	a	8pm- 9pm Had three standard drinks felt a little tipsy, had one mdma capsule, my mate told me it was fairly pure although I really have no idea.
2784	3	a	+50mins, came up very quickly but smoothly, I didnt feel sick at all, I felt really happy and excited and really really thirsty! Went for a ride in a car which was fun and everyone smelt really nice and I wanted to kiss them on the neck In one hr I drank two bottles of powerade which tasted great and was mostly sitting walking around.                        
2785	3	a	+2hrs still high feeling really energetic and was told my pupils look huge. I was talking heaps which I realised but couldnt seem to stop. My short term memory was getting really bad and I was frequently going from one conversation to another losing interest. Had two more bottles of water I just sipped regularly. My temperature was crazy, when I went outside I was instantly cold and my arm hairs stood up, when I went back inside I then got warm again very quickly.                               
2786	3	a	By 3hrs I was starting to feel tired and noticed my jaw hurt a bit, I think from the talking. By              
2787	3	a	+3.5hrs I felt like I was sober but temperature was still crazy. The next day +12hrs still really tired and pretty thirsty and not really hungry. E was everything I hoped for but I wish it lasted a bit longer. One of the best experiences but disliked being tired the next day.
2788	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2789	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Hangover / Days After (46), Large Party (54)
2790	3	a	My two best friends wanted me to experience E for the first time, and they said that I would have no better experience than to do it with them. We planned it out a couple days in advance to do it on New Years eve in the afternoon.  We decided we would drive up into the mountains and hike while rolling.  We parked at a hiking spot, the weather was very cold, but the landscape was beautiful.
2791	3	a	We started to walk from the car and while walking my friend asks me, 'how do you feel?'
2792	3	a	'fine', I say, 'I feel kind of a normal high right now, but nothing too extreme.'  
2793	3	a	Then it began to hit me in waves, almost with every step I took.  We walked up a hill to some rocks where I peed.  While I was peeing, all I could think to myself was 'I am SO happy right now!'.  I returned to my two best friends proclaiming 'I'm so happy right now guys, this is so great'.
2794	3	a	We basically sat on those rocks, looked around at the landscape, and appreciated nature and each other.  It was absolutely beautiful.  Then it started to drizzle.  
2795	3	a	The cool rain falling on my face was one of the most amazing things I've ever felt.  We decided it was time to go back to the car, before it started to rain too hard.  On the way back, I happily talked about experiences I had while in Japan with my friend (who was present and rolling with me too).  Just recalling the simplest of memories was amazing and a complete joy. recalling the simplest of memories was amazing and a complete joy. 
2796	3	a	We then decided to run back to the car.  We traversed hills and shrubs and streams.  It was almost as if we were a pack of wolves.  That was the brotherhood we shared at the time while we were rolling.  We were like wolves.  
2797	3	a	We got back to the car, got out sleeping bags from the back (I realized any kind of blanket is a necessity.), pushed the two front chairs forward as far as they could go so we could stretch our legs out, and then just sat the back of the car together listened to some great chill music (Boards of Canada, and a few others), smoked lots of weed (another necessity), and just talked.  We talked about many things, many problems we've been having, talked about many experiences we've, just about many things that we would not normally casually talk about.  We drank powerades that we bought at a convience store and also from large bottles of water that we had brought (also a necessity).  Outside the window the raindrops sliding down the glass were beautiful.  Hours flew by.  We stayed in the car for almost four hours.  We decided to leave (it was dark at the time, probably around 5 or 6) and head back home.  After all, this night was not yet over.
2798	3	a	We arrived back home for our New Years party, where we met with all the rest of our friends.  We were way past the peak, and on our down, but still were feeling pretty good.  Later in the night the three of us actually started to feel the effects AGAIN (although no where near as strong as the peak, of course), and we managed to somehow bring all the other people at the party up to our level of 'love', meaning we were able to get everyone to lay under blankets with each other, hold hands with each other, and give backrubs.  
2799	3	a	I must say that this experience has brought me closer to all of my friends, especially my two best.  It's an experience I will not soon forget, and we plan to roll again next new years, except doing something completely different.
2800	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2801	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2802	3	a	I'm in suspense for the next time when I can do E. Two nites ago was the first time I have ever rolled. I can honestly say that it was one of the best experienes of my life. At first I was very scared and timid to try it because of the bad reports of people who have done it before. My best friend did it the nite before, and encouraged me. I really wanted to, but I was scared. I thought that being paranoid before you did it would increase the chance of having a bad trip, however this was not true.
2803	3	a	My one friend sells E so I knew I could trust the pill he was giving me. So there I was looking at the white pill w/ and 'E' marked on it. Contemplating on what to do I finally took it down w/ some water. Then my nite had begun. 
2804	3	a	I wasn't feeling any different after 30 minutes went by so I was started feeling a little ancy. Then my friend suggested that we take a drive in his jeep through the back country roads. I was in the back seat waiting for the pill to kick in then finally the vibrations of the trans music in the jeep sounded sooo good. I LOVED THIS MUSIC! I never relized how awesome it sounded till then. MY body started to automatically move on its own, I couldnt keep my body still. I wanted a cigarette so bad. My friend handed me one and I slowly breathed it in, and felt how smooth it was trickling down my throat. Smoking never felt sooo good. Just then after 15 of not stopping, I felt really hot. So hot that I needed to get out of the jeep.  
2805	3	a	I switched seats w/ my friend and sat in the front of the jeep. The lines on the road were really bright, and the jeep felt like it was floating through the sky. I gave my friend a BIG HUG and told him and her repeatedly for hours how happy I was. This incredible feeling of closeness, and love filtrated my body. Nothing could be wrong in the world. I loved everyone, and my friends in the jeep were the best people in the entire world. I talked nonstop and I couldnt shut up. 
2806	3	a	I kept telling them how much I value their friednship, and my one friend looked amazingly adorable, I could not stop touching him. I relized just then that I was the luckiest person in the world for having such unbelievable friends like them. Everything was PERFECT.
2807	3	a	Being with my two best friends made the trip a better one for me. I wanted to roll the first time at a big party or rave, but this experience was still worthwhile. I felt so close to everyone, and I was invincible. Nothing could go wrong, worries dissapeared. Rolling in a familiar environment and listening to trans was an experience no one could describe. IT was a nite I will never forget.
2808	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2809	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Music Discussion (22), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2810	3	a	The doses described in this report are potentially life threatening. The amount taken is beyond a heavy dose and could pose serious health risks or result in unwanted, extreme effects. Doses such as this have been known to cause hospitalizations and/or deaths. Sometimes extremely high doses reported are errors rather than actual doses used.] 
2811	3	a	Before taking mdma I had smoked a fair bit of weed, taken cocaine on a few occasions and experimented with solvents though nothing came close to my first proper mdma experience.  
2812	3	a	It was school holidays and me and my best mate had managed to get ourselves a gram of what must have been nearly pure mdma which we were pretty excited about taking.  We were in my brothers room which held many good memories for the pair of us and we were in good spirits but also nervous with butterflies. My brother was present though not taking any.
2813	3	a	Me and my mate had prepared a rizla bomb in which we were going to swallow our 1/2 gram dose each just before my brother interrupted and told us that if we wanted to experience the drug as it was meant to be experienced then we should snort it.  My bro being more experienced in drugs than I was so we decided to take his advise.   Anxiously I poured the contents of our wrap onto a desk and used an oyster card to chop up the greyish crystals into a fine powder.  In front of me was two largish looking lines, one for me and one for my mate.  I went first.  Fuck I was nervous.  But fuck It I lent forward and snorted it in one.  Holy shit by the time my head turned around to face my audience I was mashed beyond belief.  I must have come up in about 3 seconds.  This was the most intense feeling I had ever felt and it was beautiful.  Every problem in my life was gone and the world was PERFECT...just perfect.  My mate stared at me to see what I was feeling, all I could say was “mate take it just take it, ohh my god this amazing” before drifting off into a frenzy of exctatic moans.  He took it and was instantly brought onto a level with me.
2814	3	a	My bro put on some music that he knew sounded particularly brilliant while rolling.  I cant emphasise enough how good the music sounded.  The best way I can describe it is as if every note of the song was bouncing into my head and through my soul, the music was coming from within me.  It was much louder and clearer than normal.  While the music played I lay on the bed rubbing the quilt and running my fingers through my mates hair.  All of a sudden I realised how grateful I was to my brother for playing this music for us and for generally how much I loved him.  I hugged him and that felt great. I told him I was very fond of him (which I would never normally do).  Then I hugged my mate and told him how good of a friend he was.  The rest of the night I spent chattting contently with my mate and listening to the music and absorbing the whole experience.
2815	3	a	We vowed to do no other drug but mdma and always snort it because it was so good.  As we gradually came down I became aware of my jaw really hurting from gurning.  I found it hard to sleep that night.  The next day I felt like a new person, my outlook on life had changed.  Over the course of the next year we took mdma almost every weekend.  My tolerance was sky high and the buzz was getting shitter.  I have now not touched any drugs (because of my job who test regularly) for nearly a year, but I know when I leave this job someday I am going to relive that day I snorted mdma for the first time.
2816	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2817	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Music Discussion (22), Hangover / Days After (46), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2818	3	a	I started the funnest night of my life off by swallowing one pill of MDMA.  I always chew up my pill when I swallow it.  I paced around the house excitedly for awhile cause I hadn't rolled in a few weeks, and the most pills i've taken are 1, and snorted a half.  I could tell already that this was going to be a great night, I was at a roll party and everything was great.  As soon as I started to get the coming up feeling, I chewed and swallowed another pill, I nearly gagged from the taste.  By then I was coming up hard and I felt pretty anxious so I layed down for a bit.  About five minutes later, I stood up and was rolling hard, I had a giant grin on my face that would not go away.  Ahhhh, rolling, I always forget how fun it is.  I talked to some people, hugged some people, got some E rushes, gave some E rushes, I was in heaven.
2819	3	a	Then I snorted another half a pill, and I was immediatly rolling harder than I ever had before.  I felt so good, I just wish I could remember more of the night.  I remember thinking, If there's a heaven, and it's anything but this, I don't want in.  Not long after that I snorted my other half.
2820	3	a	Then everything truly got started, that's when everyone in the house was rolling hardcore and the best vibe was everywhere.  I did a couple of baloons of nitrous oxcide and I experienced somthing beyond words with each baloon, If I could remember more of the night I would tell you what happened but I just remember it was so amazing, that it was beyond words.
2821	3	a	I did more talking hugging and E rushes.  Then I could tell I was starting to come down, I looked at my watch and it was already almost 5AM.
2822	3	a	I then went outside with some people and smoked about 15 huge hits of chronic.  I went inside and layed down for a while and I kept feeling like I was drifting away from my body, and I kept getting glimpses of the room even though my eyes were shut.
2823	3	a	Then something happened that was just amazing.  I disappeared into a vision of the earth, then I started to zoom away from the earth, and it was all so familiar and felt so wonderful, I have been here before, the universe.  Suddenly, a wave of nausia snapped me out of that.  I got up and walked outside, and went into the corner of the yard.  I realized that I felt alot better outside cause it was pretty cold, I must of been getting pretty hot.  But that still didn't stop me from puking, it was by far the easiest puke ive ever had though.  Then I layed outside for a while to cool off.  I kept seeing people in the corners of my eyes, but when I would look, there would be no one there.
2824	3	a	Every time I shut my eyes I saw endless patterns and wave after wave of strange familier shapes.
2825	3	a	Around 5PM I went home and went to bed, and didn't wake up until 10AM the next morning, and I had a dream that lasted all night.  It was a dream that I was on acid, I had all sorts of other dreams, but I was on acid in every dream I had that night, it was pretty strange, and it was the nicest night of sleep in a long time.
2826	3	a	This would be my ninth time rolling and I have never really gotten a burnout at all.  But I did manage to get one this time, I just feel kind of moody, nothing I cant handle.  I'll just go buy some 5-htp.
2827	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2828	3	a	MDMA (3), Dreams (85) : General (1), Hangover / Days After (46), Large Party (54)
2829	3	a	My past drug experience has been limited to occasional marijuana usage and hydrocodone. I had wanted to try ecstasy and decided tonight was the night. It was Saturday and M, A, P, F, and I had been trick  r' treating for about an hour. We met up with some friends of M's who really wanted some pot so we all smoked a few bowls in one of M's friends' backyard. We were all really cold and went to M's house where we could smoke more and be warm. We packed the bowls again and smoked a bit more. Now that P and I were high we were a lot less nervous about doing the triple stack of ecstasy that I brought. It was late and we didn't want it to last too long, plus it was both of our first times doing MDMA so we crushed up the pill and snorted a quarter of the pill each. 
2830	3	a	I was feeling pretty good, but it was probably because we had smoked some good shit. I first realized I was rolling when we were all sitting on M's couch and I was eating a Laffy Taffy. I read the joke: What do you call a skeleton who won't work? Lazybones. I was laughing for a good five minutes and my face felt very warm. From then on I felt very happy. P wasn't feeling anything yet until M started playing his cello and it sounded like a choir of angels. It was ten times better than the best music on cannabis alone. I was lost in the music until he stopped and both P and I objected to the loss of the heavenly sound.
2831	3	a	I went back to the couch and remembered the lazybones joke and started laughing uncontrollably, but this time P was laughing with me. Next thing I knew I was stroking one of M's friends' arm and saying how soft it was but she didn't seem to mind. My whole body was vibrating and it felt amazing. I laughed at the slightest humorous comment. Everyone else was stoned but weren't feeling near as good as me or P. 
2832	3	a	I felt like I was coming down a bit after an hour and a half and thought it was a bit too early for that but soon enough, I was going back up. Since it wasn't nearly as good as the first wave. P and I decided to go and smoke another bowl. The combination of the rising second wave and the weed was amazing. I found a stuffed bear and alternated stroking it and people. Everything was so soft and I was so happy. 
2833	3	a	Sadly, all good things must come to an end and M's mother was kicking us out of the house. My dad came to pick up me, A, and P and I was still rolling, but was coming down again and it was easy to control. He probably just thought I was really drunk. When we got home I listened to some music and drifted off into heavenly drug induced slumber.
2834	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2835	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Music Discussion (22), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2836	3	a	Up until the end of October of last year I was what I would describe as an average, if long term ecstasy user. I would take 3 - 5 pills one night  a month usually at home, with the same circle of friends. I had been doing this since (with the exception of a six month period in 1997 after the break up of my marriage when I was taking 5 – 10 pills three nights a week) 1993 and had not experienced any of the Loss of Magic that I had heard reported. During this time I had not taken vitamins, Anti-oxidants or anti depressants. The only thing that I did was to make sure the next day I engaged with the world by going out to eat and didn’t just crash out.
2837	3	a	However, at the start of October I met with my friends as usual and we followed our ritual i.e.  drop 1st pill at about 9.30, wait about half an hour or so until we all notice the first signs of brain re-tuning / sweaty palms / whatever then drop a 2nd one. 
2838	3	a	I had my classic symptoms of coming up, and about an hour and a half after taking the first pill, pretty significant floating double vision. My friends were really buzzing and where all smiles and pretty touchy feely. But although my vision was off on its own I felt completely straight, not uncomfortable nor any other negative feeling, just straight. We took another pill at 11.30 and I took my last one at 1.30. By then my visuals had more or less stopped and at 3.00 I was feeling pretty tired and went to bed.  
2839	3	a	By the next week I had put it down to just one of those things that happened, maybe I had got lesser quality pills out of the batch that we had been using from the last 6 months or maybe they had become stale. I had a party to go to at the end of the month and was sure that everything would be back to normal by then. 
2840	3	a	The party arrived and I had five pills from the original batch for the night. I took my 1st one at home before I got on the train knowing that I would be dropping again as I reached my destination and that I would be flying after the scary cab-ride through unlit country lanes to the stable where the party was. Only, by the time I got there I wasn’t having any “pilling” effects. I didn’t feel switched on at all. I had no visuals, or grinding, just a slightly sleepy stoned. I double dropped hoping to kick the 1st two in but after a couple of hours I was just tired with a mild headache. I gave my last pill away.
2841	3	a	I decided to have the next couple of months away from pilling and give my self a detox. 
2842	3	a	I met up with my friends on New Years Eve and took five pills this time at a rate of one an hour. Again I had no sense of thought patterns changing or visuals, just the same sleepy stoned feeling but without the headache.
2843	3	a	Last week I took my 1st pill since that time, a few months break. One of the original batch from last year and to my great surprise and relief everything has come back.
2844	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2845	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Retrospective / Summary (11), Loss of Magic (34), Not Applicable (38)
2846	3	a	I remember vividly how my first hit of E felt. I was scared to death to take it, thinking it would feel similar to LSD. I had stopped taking acid due to unpleasant trips. After finally popping my first tab, my friend and I went driving. I couldn't believe how good I felt when it started to kick in. It was amazing. I couldn't believe that my body and mind could feel so much intense euphoria and pleasure. Such a surge, wave of swishing pleasurable air rushing up to my face, filled with such amazing fluffiness. I felt as if I were floating, while uncontrollably smiling and moaning. I couldn't stop saying, 'Wow....'.
2847	3	a	We listened to music in the car, which sounded clearer, more intense, and meaningful than I had ever experienced before. Looking out on the curvy road, feeling the turns and the movement of the car was so pleasant. After arriving at another friend's home, I was standing at his door, smiling wildly, unable to form a sentence or have a conversation with him. He laughed at my drugged happy state, let me in to hear more music. I couldn't stop touching him, his arms, and placing my head on his arm...it wasn't sexual, as we are both gay. But it definitely felt like some kind of orgasmic euphoria that I had to express by touching and smiling. The intensity of the drug was blowing my mind. I constantly thought to myself, and said aloud, that it was way better than I ever could have imagined. I ended up taking one and a half more hits throughout the night. I didn't ever want it to end. The following 2 days were complete hell. I went to New Orleans with friends, and was extremely depressed, paranoid, temperamental, and I cried uncontrollably for most of the next day...I was an emotional mess. I have always had terrible crashes after rolling. The pleasure of the drug almost made it worth the pain afterward, but I am older and done with it now.
2848	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2849	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Music Discussion (22), Hangover / Days After (46), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2850	3	a	Looking through information online I have noticed there are very few reports that coincide with my own after effects of MDMA.
2851	3	a	Keeping in mind that the decision to take this was spontaneous but also made after a considerable amount of alcohol was consumed.
2852	3	a	After taking a 'bomb' (a quantity of substance wrapped within a cigarette paper) due to the length of time that had passed after taking the drug and no noticeable effect I then snorted a second quantity.  This hit almost immediately however I suspect that this probably took effect at the same time as what had been swallowed.  Effects were very pleasurable - general feeling of 'gliding', defiantly talking about things I have never discussed in the past and would not talk about under general circumstance.  People and objects looked much more pleasing however this was not necessarily a good thing as it led to an ‘incident’ that almost caused irreversible relationship damage.
2853	3	a	In my self the effects lasted for about 8 hours with a peak after 2-3.  There was also time distortion – I am missing about 3 hours although it’s not a memory blank, more likely my perception of the passing of time was altered.
2854	3	a	The ‘come down’ was horrific – I do not usually suffer from hangovers and even when I have consumed a large volume of alcohol I generally only experience mild discomfort/upset stomach.  Headache was equivocal to a migraine, jaw extremely sore from clenching/grinding the previous night.  My stomach was also very painful however this could possibly be attributed to alcohol or a current medical condition.  I experienced extreme dizziness/vertigo for the following 2 days.  I felt a return to the ‘trip’ at around 14 hours after consumption.  Appetite loss lasted until 42 hours after ingestion.
2855	3	a	For comparison I estimate that I took around 200mg of MDMA, a ridiculous amount of alcohol (aprox 8x35ml vodka and 1/3 of a pint of southern comfort) and half a line of cocaine.
2856	3	a	I did not think the euphoria was worth the comedown..
2857	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2858	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Combinations (3), Hangover / Days After (46), Unknown Context (20)
2859	3	a	7:37 - Took it. I'm a patient man, so I decide to wait 30 minutes ot see if it will kick in.
2860	3	a	8:07 - Nothing. I'm getting impatient, and talk to my friends, ask them what could bring on the effects.
2861	3	a	8:37 - My friend gives me some killer music, and I'm JAMMING to it - Nodding my head in my chair, and the works. I begin to touch my hair and my body, telling my friends how soft my body really is. It's quite amazing, I have to admit.
2862	3	a	9:00 - I'm dancing around the room my computer is in, listening to Simian Mobile Disco - Sleep Deprivation.. It feels amazing. My eyes are huge, my heart is beating and I'm feeling GREAT. I'm dancing around for a bit..
2863	3	a	10:00 - I'm talking to my friend Casey, whom lives in California. He's a real good friend of mine. We get to talking more, and he asks me if I'd like to talk with him on the phone. I'm ecstatic, I can't think of anything better right now to listen to awesome tunes, dance around and discuss things with my great friend. We get to talking about so many things, society, culture, so many broad topics were discussed. My mind was not blank, I could let words ROLL from my tongue without hesitation. It was BRILLIANT!
2864	3	a	11:00 - I turn my computer off and decide to go into my other room to lay down. I'm rolling around my bed with the covers over me, it just feels so fucking amazing, the covers and bed itself is so soft.  I'm doing this for about an hour and decide to call my friend Michelle..
2865	3	a	12:00 - I call Michelle and she tells me to call back at 1.. So I'm waiting a bit, watching tv and rolling around my bed with Simian Mobile Disco - Sleep Deprivation in my head, da do da do da dao da do.. lol..
2866	3	a	1:01 - I call her back, we talk for about ten minutes about how amazing I feel, and I tell her I love her because she is beautiful and amazing (as a friend, of course..) we hang up.. 
2867	3	a	1:30 (about) - I decide to go get the laptop to help ease the come down of the trip.. I'm talking to my friends for awhile.. About 
2868	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2869	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Music Discussion (22), Unknown Context (20)
2870	3	a	Been seeing a new guy and really connecting well together.  We decided to have some molly on a Friday evening after a high protein meal (chicken breast, carrot, broccoli).  Had an unusually nice, easy day so felt very relaxed going into the evening.  We had spent the previous night together and it was very enjoyable.  
2871	3	a	Finished dinner around 10:30pm and took first capsule at 11:16pm.  By 12:30am, felt peaceful and relaxed but unsatisfied.  At 12:40am I noted that we took a second capsule and I was starting to feel aroused.   We listened to music, enjoyed the conversation and the dark room.  The house was comfortable and it was just the two of us.  I think it is worthy to note, the fact I feel relaxed and safe with him is probably why the experience was becoming pleasant the fact I feel relaxed and safe with him is probably why the experience was becoming pleasant.   
2872	3	a	At 1:08am I was 'feeling so good. Cold feet on the floor.  Wet, making out.  Not feeling out of control, just pleasant.'  Feeling fun and free, enjoying the music, his touch.  I noted I could probably do more but I wouldn't mention it to him.  By 1:49am, I was feeling wonderful.  My notes state 'feels good just making out and listening to music - sweating and kissing with the music.  Hot, hot, hot.' So by this point, I was heating up and very aware of my temperature.  I have long hair, so the more we cuddled, the hotter I felt.   So, up until this point, I'm feeling good.  
2873	3	a	Now, things turn and I am feeling GREAT. My note from 2:28am just says 'yea' and then I mentioned at 2:59am that I was 'HOTTTTT. So hot'.  At this point I'm rolling hard and really enjoying him physically, emotionally, and our chemistry together is really good.  The more interesting logs begin at 3:21am reading 'hotttttt wanna fuck.  Feel so good.  Hot and sexy and good like wine and roses and sex. I feel like the room temp is in the mid 80s.  Wish I had a thermometer to check my temperature.  Feeling so good.  D kisses me the way I would teach someone to kiss me, it's so strange he knows how. The music is great and so is the company.  I'm so wet.  Loooooooove the music so much. Wish we could do this for 24 straight hours I'd be so happy and content.  I don't think his cats are so bad at all.'  3:28am 'Goddddd I wanna fuck so bad.  I feel soooooo good fuck.'  
2874	3	a	At this point, I am really enjoying everything and happy.  I'm experiencing euphoria and really feel safe and trusting of him, which is unusual for me.  I feel very open to pretty much anything and connected to him.  Around this time we took a third capsule, although we both recognized we felt great with the two we already had.  I noticed my body, mostly my hips were almost always rolling and grinding on rhythm with the music, lasted several hours.  
2875	3	a	4:11am - Going upstairs to bed together.  Just need all the music.  
2876	3	a	5:10am - feels so fucking good when he eats my pussy and fingers me and then spits on it.  I feel high and good and happy. 
2877	3	a	5:57am - feels nice to be with someone good, and sexy, and kind. The music is perfect.  The temperature is almost perfect.  Love music so much.  
2878	3	a	That was my final entry.  I believe we stayed awake another hour or so.  I was definitely rolling the hardest from about 2:30am-6:00am.  I experienced extreme thirst, estimated I consumed nearly 150-180 ounces of water but never felt my thirst was quenched.   
2879	3	a	Slept 6 hours, felt great when I woke up.  He needed a couple more hours of sleep. Took multi vitamins today, hydrated, took a nap in the pool late afternoon.  10/10 great experience with him.  
2880	3	a	Pros: euphoria, comfortable and confident feelings, heightened arousal, ability to let my guard down
2881	3	a	Cons: Body temp high, would never enjoy this outdoors, thirsty
2882	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2883	3	a	MDMA (3) : Glowing Experiences (4), Sex Discussion (14), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2884	3	a	I have been expirimenting with drugs most of my highschool days, and up to today. I have been smoking ganja for quite a while, and probably will continue too. But tonight, I tried X. I haven't done X before, but I've done shrooms/salvia, and other psychoactives. So I gave it a shot. 
2885	3	a	I left the house with my good girlfriend at around 11. We go to our local dealer, who is also a good friend of ours. We sit there for a while, just talking while one of the dudes there looked for his phone charger. We hit the bubbler full of some KB bud. Laughing at him. We took it in stride when our guy told us he scored some killer X. He gives me and Ash 3 blue peace signs each for free. We were excited. 
2886	3	a	I broke one up and snorted it. Then dropped the other two in rapid succession. So me, ashley, shane, oscar, beepop, and frodo. We pass around the bong for forever it seemed. Just getting absolutely faded. We were laughing at everything. 
2887	3	a	At around 12 the X I snorted hit me. Wow. Everything was so beautiful. My senses ran amok. I welcomed it. I looked at ash who was just cheesing, a huge grin on her face. She pinched my cheek, and was like. 'You are so pretty!' I gave her a look, so she just giggled. Most of us were shedding clothing by now. We turned off the lights, and blasted some good trance music. We just get up and started having a huge grind. Me and Ashley and Shane. We are all friends, and we really didn't think much of it. 
2888	3	a	So around 1, me and Ashley head to the spare room, listeing to DJ Tiesto, in the dark. We shared many good E hugs, and kisses. We stopped when we realized that we were both naked, laying all over each other. I was rock hard by this point. It was funny, when I told her we should stop. She looked at my crotch and gave me this cute pout look. We laugh and dress. 
2889	3	a	We go back in the main room, trying to keep a straight face and we were just cheesing. We watched Family Guy for a while. Then I guess the weed caused me to fade out around 3. 
2890	3	a	I woke up that morning around 11. I felt like shit. And I wasn't surprised. I was falling out. I jumped in the shower. I felt like a new man. 
2891	3	a	X is alot of fun. I defintely want to hit it again soon.
2892	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2893	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), Hangover / Days After (46), Sex Discussion (14), Glowing Experiences (4), First Times (2), General (1)
2894	3	a	While in a powerhouse club I was sat down waiting to come up on the two MDMA pills I took.  When it hit me, I was crying and looking at my friends with one of those rare 'this is going to be the best night of my life' expressions.
2895	3	a	Later I was bouncing to the music, kicking it on the balcony area with a couple of girls on either side, we had come together through the music and I remember smiling at them and they looked at me, frowned and moved away.  My friends girlfriend came up to me and said that the muscles on one side of my face had collapsed so I guess I was freaking people out.
2896	3	a	I moved round the balcony area to a darker area to resolve this and continued to enjoy the dancing, kicking and skipping in a timeless moment.  
2897	3	a	Then my vision went black and white, I was floating up to the ceiling with my arms out wide, smiling beautifully.  There were other dancers up there with me, in the same position, arms wide and smiling too.  The music had faded away into the distance.   This continued for a few minutes and just faded out and I was back in the club, the music coming back and I simply carryed on dancing like before.
2898	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2899	3	a	MDMA (3) : Club / Bar (25), Music Discussion (22), Glowing Experiences (4), General (1)
2900	3	a	I'll first start out with a quick history of my experiences, I'm a daily pot smoker for about a year and half, have experimented with shrooms a few times, opium once, coke once, painkillers and antianxiety pills, and a few months ago tried ecstasy for the 1st time. I had received the small blue pill with an imprinted cash sign for $20. Apparently it was some serious x and I had been waiting a long time to finally do it. So it was just before 7th period, I popped the little pill in the bathroom and returned to class, eagerly awaiting for the effects to come on. 
2901	3	a	It took about a half hour/ 40 min. Until I was suddenly hit, like a fucking brick wall crashing on my head. I turned around I was completely in a daze, the room seemed brighter and yet their was this very light fog or mist all around. Then the waves came, it's hard to describe it but it's kind of like when I am on a roller coaster just before that big fall and my stomach feels completely empty and light as a feather and then whooosh! My entire body had these wonderful rolling sensations all over, like someone was taking a feather and just lightly taking it up and down. My mind had never felt this way! At first, I was overwhelmed but I soon was in heaven, nothing could worsen my mood, after a few minutes school was out and I preceeded outside with my friend.
2902	3	a	OH MY GOD! Outdoors on xtc was intense, the wind was just orgasmic, the sun's rays were warm and so loving, the sky was beautiful and I just greeted everyone I saw with a smile. I got in the car to go home and I couldn't control myself! It was so intense, every fucking song was my favorite and I loved everyone! On the way home I tried to play sober but this one song came on and I just screamed to the top of my lungs singing with joy! I got home to find my mom home early and I quickly left to go to my buddy's. We walked outside and I took off my shirt and I just walked outside with all the energy I've ever had and talked for what seemed hours. I didn't care though, my friend just carried on conversation with my overly high ass. The total xperience lasted for about 4-5 hours and afterwards I was just completely drained. 
2903	3	a	The next few days I was mildly depressed but I wouldn't ever take back that xperience. Ecstasy is defently on my top list of drugs and I can't wait to get my hands on it again.
2904	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2905	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Hangover / Days After (46), Various (28)
2906	3	a	Honestly, an experienced person could have done well with 200 mg of MDMA, but for my second time, I didn't know what I was getting into. I was given two capsules of pure MDMA by a friend earlier in the night. They contained 100 mg each, and completely unadulterated. I headed over to a friend's house around 2:30 in the morning, where there was already a party going in full swing. Plenty of people rolling there.
2907	3	a	I get there, and immediately join the rest of the people there by popping the first pill myself. Even before I was rolling, I was totally bonding with everybody there. There was a lot of love going around, and I enjoyed it. Meeting all these new people was interesting. And before I knew it, after about 45 minutes, I was feeling a very strong come-up. An hour and a half or so, I was rolling hard, still having a good time with everybody. Noticed that there were a few eye wiggles here and there, and the occasional trailing in the darkness of the night. Faces would morph just a little bit. Scary, but still pretty cool.
2908	3	a	About three and a half hours after I initially came up, I took the second one and felt the effects of it after only half an hour. I walked into the bathroom and noticed this incredibly blood-red colored moth. I tried grabbing it, but it fluttered around. I was convinced I was seeing this moth and the hallucination was making it fly all around. I saw another moth in the corner of the bathroom and grabbed it... this time, somehow actually catching it and holding it between my fingers with it fluttering violently to escape. I walked into the living room where one of the only sober people were there and asked him 'HEY IS THIS REAL?' He replied with 'Yes, too many people are coming in and out of this house, so we're getting a lot of bugs in here... it's kinda annoying'. For some reason, I didn't take this well, because I thought I was totally hallucinating these things. This is where the trip started getting pretty bad...
2909	3	a	I was downstairs in the basement with a few friends just chilling for a bit. There was loud techno music going on, and for some reason, I kept trying to go to sleep. Everytime I tried sleeping, I would see these incredibly scary visuals. One of them involved Miss Piggy's face being blown out by a gun to her head. There was blood drooling from her mouth, and eyes wide open. These visuals got so random that I couldn't even close my eyes and stayed awake until I went home at 11 in the morning. 
2910	3	a	The second half of the roll was pretty wierd, considering everybody was coming down off of their doses. I could actually see the energy decreasing in the room gradually, even though mine was still up. When everybody got up three or four hours later, they all were drinking Coronas with limes stuck in the top. It was pretty funny because they were still partying... I really hadn't experienced this kinda stuff before, considering it was only my second time rolling on MDMA. 
2911	3	a	Honestly... I realized later how dangerous it is to roll on 200 mg of MDMA the second time you do it. The first time I was blessed to roll on 100 mg, and my initial thought was that I could prolong the roll. While I was right, I did get quite a jolt of truth thrown in. 
2912	3	a	Later after the party a few days later, I had realized how hard I was rolling, and everybody there was pretty much pissed off at me because I wouldn't stop talking. Honestly, I understood the rude awakening, and I have since then, learned how to improve upon my rolling etiquette. Testing the endurance of the body is one thing, but not knowing the limitations is dangerous. I know I could have gotten some really undesired effects if I took anymore.
2913	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2914	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Large Group (10+) (19)
2915	3	a	The doses described in this report are potentially life threatening. The amount taken is beyond a heavy dose and could pose serious health risks or result in unwanted, extreme effects. Doses such as this have been known to cause hospitalizations and/or deaths. Sometimes extremely high doses reported are errors rather than actual doses used.] 
2916	3	a	Going to say this as edgy-less as possible. Ever since I started doing drugs, the subject of death has always creep on me, Had a couple close encounters in my time. Not once would I ever be 'that guy' and bring up death while tripping with people, I personally don't get freak out but others may.
2917	3	a	However, its become more and more evident on my mind, more like a fetish almost. I love philosophy and theories/concept of thing to think of while high. Death, has prominently became a interest now. Not in I want to die, actually far from it; the subject just interest me. This is the one thing I have solidly muster from my trips, 'Death itself is not a entity, its like a shadow. Where a shadow only exist with the lack of photons, Death merely exist with the lack of life. When life stops, there will be no death, for there is no life. In order to have one you must have both.'
2918	3	a	Let me share a experience with you, Once night when I was living in Boston (also still the time I dealed MDMA) Had one of my mutual FWB come over and she loved to get it on with me being high as fuck, really cool chick (Bro tier gal). She didnt do it herself but was chill with it, anyways I proceed to drop a Stupid ass amount, about 1 Whole fucking gram of Molly (crystal MDMA). Well first two hours were great, Hadn't even peaked when she had to peace out. Proceed to about the 3rd hour where it feels like I am peaking, Great feels, I am in the zone. I feel in one with the world, Happy, can easily solve any problem that enter my mind.
2919	3	a	Enter hour four, it Peaks and plateaus for a bit, say fuck it and I light up a couple cowboy killers (Marlboro reds) and chain smoke three. This is where it starts to go down hill quickly. After I finish smoking I try to stand and my body starts to lock up. My arms and legs can't move. I try to stand and my body starts to lock up. My arms and legs can't move. However I watch in the scariest way my fingers, tightening side by side into a death grip lock down. I couldn't move my wrist or finger, with my seal hands (for lack of a better term) I open my door and run to the bathroom and somehow manage to get a cold water shower going before I completely lock up. This is Boston in January and my oil heaters arent on in the house except my room to let you know how cold this water was.
2920	3	a	After a few minutes my body starts to unlock and I proceed to dry off then it hits me, all the water/Gatorade I've been drinking to stay hydrated comes, the toilet bowl literally overflows with my puke. I flush by I puke for a few good solid minutes thinking I will die from not being able to breath. I lay on my side so if I did puke again I wouldnt choke on my puke.
2921	3	a	I passed out and felt like hours if not days had progressed. When I came too it had only been a few minutes. Everything was silent, not even the normal ringing in my ears I usually have. I thought I had died, I kept constantly wondering if I was still actually dying on the floor. All my other sensory perceptions wear normal, so I moved on, called out of work for the next two days.
2922	3	a	Still thinking this is all a hallucination and I was slowly dying, I Recovered the best I could, I saw the world differently, just things here. No actually meaning other things to exist. I went out and walk through the city which also seems empty and brumous. I think the moment when I was in the Public garden in Boston alone hit me the hardest. We are all here just to exist, there is no goals, there is no meaning, only to what we assign those values too.
2923	3	a	I was still in the mindset of if this is my afterlife, I am going to enjoy it. Right before I went back to work, I bought a motorcycle, I did things to make me happy, I met people, I felt more alive dead then when I was alive. I had this amazing afterglow for thinking I had died. I did this for a couple months until I decide to move back to my home-state. I packed everything in the car and left. When I got to my new home, I went to the airport and flew back to Boston with just my Riding jacket and helmet, I had to leave my bike at my friends house until I came back.
2924	3	a	Well I drove the bike home, Over the scenic route home, all 1,800 miles. I went up mountains, down beaches, to cities, bars, slept with people, I wandered on no strict path but in the direction toward my home. I now still miss those days.
2925	3	a	I remember the moment reality came back within a split instance, I was in Pennsylvania passing thought penn state, and the one point where the highway met the skyline. A single flash, almost too fast to ever notice, but I knew the afterglow was gone and I in fact was alive. For someone to experience this, I took it quite well. I finish the rest of my trip and went home. For someone who thought he was dead, quit his job, and moved, everything was okay, I knew the sun was still coming up tomorrow and the next day, with or without me.
2926	3	a	Its only been about six months from today since that, Still on my mind but I feel grateful it happened, I still see the world differently but for the most, everything is normal, as normal as it should be anyways.
2927	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2928	3	a	MDMA (3) : Health Problems (27), Hangover / Days After (46), General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2929	3	a	While it may be that the substance described is pure MDMA, Ecstasy/Molly tablets and powders are notoriously impure, misrepresented, or adulterated. Ecstasy sold in retail contexts such as festivals or parties often contain chemicals other than MDMA.] 
2930	3	a	I was at the beach with my boyfriend (I will call him Sam) and we were staying for a week at a small beach condo with a balcony that over looked the ocean. We planned on fixing our relationship with MDMA since it has been rocky. The last time we took it a year or so back it helped us open up to each other and talk clearly without our built up resentment getting in the way. 
2931	3	a	We are pretty cautious people and Sam has some heart problems so we took half a pill each to start us off. The pills were gummy bear shaped and looked like tie dye colors. They were really hard to cut in half so they were really broken up and powdered when we took them. We went into bed in the dark cuddling under the covers. Within under 15 minutes I could feel this intensity creeping in. It was a feeling in my chest of fear and uncertainty. We tried calming each other down I really try to respect the drug and clear my mind as much as I can before and after I take it. 
2932	3	a	When the MDMA started hitting us I was able to communicate so clearly with Sam about all the relationship problems we have been having. I was finally able to talk about traumatic events in my life that I wasn’t able to communicate before. I was weeping and it was like this flood of built up emotions poured out about this man that I lived with and was unsure if he raped me or not because he would drug me with Ambien when I was a child. We talked about both our problems how we could help each other work on them and apologized for all the awful things we had done to each other in the past.
2933	3	a	While we were inside there were not many visuals just a few visuals of things creeping around while the lights were off. It was really hard to tell if some of them were real or not. When we went out to the balcony is when it really got weird. We were looking over into the ocean where the land meets the sea and there were sea monsters all over in the water close to land. The sea monsters looked like the sea monsters that were on medieval maps of the ocean. They seemed to be traveling along the shore as if it was a parade. The water was flowing in unnatural ways and there were spouts of water traveling in spirals into the air. I told Sam I felt like we were looking at the land between the living and dead. There were also horses playing in the water galloping into the waves and people walking along the shore. I saw a man with a head of long hair and a long beard with a carriage and horses and pointed him out to Sam. At the time I thought he was Santa clause and exclaimed to Sam “Is that Santa Clause?”. Sam saw him as well and we watched him travel along the parade with his horses and carriage. We were just in awe of the parade and sat in silence for a long time watching it. 
2934	3	a	I asked him if he wanted to go down to the ocean and join the parade and he said yes but he got really tired by the time we were dressed and didn’t want to go anymore. I really regret not joining the parade but at the same time if it was the world of the living and dead maybe it’s better we did not go. 
2935	3	a	The next day we talked about what we saw and he said that he thinks it was Poseidon. We looked up Poseidon and found out he was the god of the ocean and Horses which is exactly what he was surrounded by. Prior to this trip neither of us held any interest to the Greek gods but after seeing Poseidon and his horses we both do. 
2936	3	a	I do not usually experience the usual after effects that Sam has like a headache and being super irritable but I did bite a good chunk of the inside of my lip off which looked pretty gross. This was the first night of the week at the beach that we took MDMA after a few nights of taking it in a row I was plunged into a moderately bad depression. I really do not advise doing this multiple times a week It really depleted my serotonin levels for a while after. I came away from this trip with a closer relationship with my boyfriend and a new understanding of the ocean as the land between the living and dead.
2937	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2938	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Relationships (44), Therapeutic Intent or Outcome (49), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2939	3	a	Hi guys I am from czech republic, and used mdma at least 20times in Last 3 years. Now there was 1 month break, and I found on internet info about plugging, so I needed to try. I have medium tolerance to MDMA (I usually use 0.3 and 0.2g orally).
2940	3	a	I took two shot glass and washed them. Into one poured water. Then put it in the microwave for 1 minute. Letting it cool down and picking up a full syringe from one shot, and then emptied it into the second shot.
2941	3	a	Crushed mdma crystals to dust, and dissolved them in the water. When the crystals dissolved, the water was pumped into the syringe. (Ideal water temperature to inject is bodytemp)
2942	3	a	T0: (21:24) I start with plugging .2g MDMA via syringe. Laying on floor at left side. It is not uncomfortable (use lubricant), push it as far you can and press. Wait for few minutes, then carefouly wake up. From the beginning, it was like feeling a little bit of burning inside your ass (like at evening after you had a spicy kebab for lunch) and a little bit like need going to the toilet, but no problem to hold it. It stopped within five minutes.
2943	3	a	T+13: I feel my heart beating and a little hitting
2944	3	a	T+18: very strong hit, I'm starting to stiffen my jaw
2945	3	a	Another 15 minutes I'm trying to figure out how to move in starwars, I do not understand how kids can manage it =D MUSIC: dnb upbeats
2946	3	a	T+36: I am totally struggle with two macOS desktops, I can not find a mouse = D
2947	3	a	T+80: I am trying to send to my friend porn which is already deleted on the web, I try to upload to some servers, but cant get how, again, funny = D
2948	3	a	T+90: next hit 40% of the first MUSIC spiro: make a stand
2949	3	a	T+110: I'm going to get a bong rip with czech superskunk
2950	3	a	Rest of night I watched porn and rippin pots, until 5 o'clock in the morning, then I fell asleep.
2951	3	a	Conclusion: Plugging has a much faster peak (20-30min) and gives a stronger hit. May take a bit shorter than orally. The big advantage is that there are no uncomfortable feelings in the stomach or bitter taste. Moreover, according to harm reduction, it is the safest method. 
2952	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2953	3	a	This was my third time doing 'knips'. My mom was out of town and I had invited a girl I went to middle school with to come to my place and do ecstasy (sold as knips, not tested with testkit). It was her first time doing any illegal drug besides alcohol. This was the first time we hung in a couple of years. My dog was there, I usually don't do drugs around him because he used to be neglected.
2954	3	a	We took each our pill at 8:10 pm, we watched a video of Psychedsubstance about the effects of MDMA. 10 minutes into the video she became really weird, her eyes rolled back, she started moving like a squid and said 'Aaah my skin'. I was a little happier and more attracted to her than normal, but I still felt sober. A few minutes later I felt like all my movement was flowing and I moved as if I was drunk. She asked 'What is life?', I said 'Life is a dance'. We undressed, not to have sex, just to be naked because that is what felt natural. Time was really sped up the next two hours. Within those two hours we took a shower together, laid on the floor of the hall and I gave her a house tour. We compared the hair of our asses and spent a lot of time in front of the mirror looking at our naked bodies. We talked about a closet in my living room we thought was weird. 
2955	3	a	At 10 pm we went out to buy condoms and chewing gum. She wore my underwear, sweater, hat and pants. I wore her shirt, but the rest of my clothes were my own. On the way to the store we visited a 23 year old friend of mine who had never tried MDMA before, we had bought the pills together a few nights earlier. When we came to his house and were peaking on it, he asked 'Is it good?', I said yes, and he took his pill. Both me and the girl was surprised since we did not know he was going to roll with us. We went to the store together and walked a bit longer than we had to so we could hang out with my 23 year old mate who was about to come up on ecstasy for the first time. Me and the girl kissed once every few minutes just to stay close while walking. 
2956	3	a	We started slowly coming down, when we said goodbye to the 23 yr old, he said 'Now it hit me' with a smile. When me and the girl came home we were no longer high as fuck. We had sex at around 1:30 am, we went at it for about 15 minutes, I did not cum due to me doing semen retention. The sex was pretty boring compared to just being on ecstasy. We went to sleep at 2 am. I slept really lightly and woke up a few times that night, i got up out of bed at 7 am. 
2957	3	a	All three of us have afterglow, all in a better mood than normal. The 23 yr old said he thinks everything looks really interesting and he really likes walking. I asked them both what they had learnt from MDMA, the 17 yr old girl said 'Everything is normal', the 23 yr old man said 'Everything thing is nothing' and I learnt to be more comfortable with my body. I learnt to be more comfortable with my body.
2958	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2959	3	a	MDMA (3) : Small Group (2-9) (17), General (1)
2960	3	a	Well last night it was cold and rainy. I was alone, just broken up with my girlfriend. I was sad, very depressed.... Not only beecause we broke up, but it was also glomy and rainy out. Well I had a few of these pills left from a party this past weekend. They are double stacked yello gators. Now I would never roll alone, but I was in a terrible mood and E has always lifted me up to a happy mood.
2961	3	a	Well it was about 7:30 so I took both pills with a whole bottle of water. I sat and waited for about 45mins, then I started feeling the stoney roll come up, so I got up and started walking around. I felt like I was going to fall over, I started to feel worse. So I went and drank a glass of milk. The feeling went away, like nothing had happened, so I thought to myself 'I did not just waste 2 fuckin pills'. So I sat down and watched MTV, this was about 8:30. Around 8:45 I had this strange feeling crawling up my back, at 9pm like on the dot I started rolling hard, like I've never rolled before.
2962	3	a	I turned all the lights off and turned on the black lights, and some loud music. I danced by myself till 10:30, it felt like 10 mins. At about 10:45, I decided to go outside (forgeting it was raining). I went into the backyard, everytime a rain drop hit my face I just felt like I was in heaven. It was the best feeling of my life. So I took my shirt off and laid on the ground, the clod concret felt amazing, and the rain drops hitting my body were even better. I was in heaven, I thought I died and went to heaven, seriously. I laid there till 4:30am, then I went inside and dried off. Roll started to crash down hard about 5am, so I smoked some weed to ease the fall, and I fell right to sleep. I woke up at 12:50 feeling great, except for having a sore throat and stuffed nose. It didnt bother me anymore that me and my g/f had broken up, I relized that it was for the best and that I'm young and I need to have fun. Well thats my trip report, enjoy!
2963	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2964	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Glowing Experiences (4), Therapeutic Intent or Outcome (49), Alone (16)
2965	3	a	Well I want to start off with that I took X for the first time last decembet about 5 months ago.  I used to be an anti-drug person until about a year ago when I tried pot for the first time and I fell in love with it and now I am a full time smoker. I have my fun with aderall, X, alachol, shrooms, DXM, DMT and nitrous. Considering I'm 17 I know that I'm not going to be doing near as many drugs when I'm older so I figure have my fun, now with the story.
2966	3	a	Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. Don't do it!] 
2967	3	a	I was with my good friend, lets call him T, him and I back in december used to deal weed full time, he was a year youger than I but had more expierence with drugs than I at the time. I had become very curious to X since everyone that had tried it said it was awsome, and everyone that hasent done it totally hates it. So one night over winter break my friend gave me his E hook so I called the guy up and had to meet him at 7-11 in 45 minutes. I was with my friend, we will call him Z, and he knows a lot about X so he told me to relax and not eat so I didnt. I went up to pick up the pill for 20 around 11:30 and my friend T called me, he wanted a pill, so now him and I were going to roll at my house.  I got the pills, purple gators, and I took mine at 11:45 while on the way to T's house to pick him up, I got to his house and he took the pill aroun 12:15.  I droped off Z, it was T and I for the rest of the night.....
2968	3	a	We walk into my house around 12:30, my parents were asleep upstairs so T and I go to the basement, which is sound proof, thank god. I was expecting to come up shortly but nothing came, 1 o'clock came around and still nothing, I was very dissappointed so T rolled a couple of j's and I smoked that, thats when it started. Around 1:15 I felt a strong surge of energy rush through my partially tired body.  Withen 5 mintutes I was rushing.....VERY HARD. I was so blown away by how I felt and I was in the most comforting state, even tho 2 floors above us my parents were sleeping.  I immidetly plugged in my boom box and the jams started.  
2969	3	a	T was starting to come up around 1:30 and he weighs about 140.  As I was rushing he was just talking to me and kept reassuring me that things were fine, as I kinda got scared about my parents for a mintute. Since T and I had all the weed we wanted we rolled a few more j's and smoked lots of ciggies. At 1 point when I was rushing I went in front of the fireplace and did a snow angle on carpet, how awsome. All I felt was purebliss and I couldent stop talking, dancing, and having FUN.  We talked about everything, and everytime I was about to speak I felt incredible, I wanted eveyone to feel the way I did.  I learned a lot of things about T and myself.
2970	3	a	But like all good things, it had to end. I took T home around 5:30 in the morning, he was still rolling pretty hard while I had come down a lot. I went home and cleaned up the basement and went upstairs around 6. I still to this day havent ever crashed, just feel kinda burnt out the next day, except when I take 2 pills, I just dont feel all there for a few days. Now I take 5-HTP every day and that takes care of things.
2971	3	a	To this day I'm not friends with T anymore because I stopped dealing so we went our seperate ways but I will never forget the time I rolled with him.  Overall, I have become a different person because of rolling. I have become a different person because of rolling.  I am nicer to other, I dont strive to be the best in things, I just go with the flow getting through school, knowing that I wont be able to do this in 20 years. But hey what more can you ask for with 20 dollars  
2972	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2973	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Glowing Experiences (4), Small Group (2-9) (17)
2974	3	a	Male, 17  Good shape, exercise regularly, hate cigarettes, love mary jane, and pick up a half 1/8th every week or so. Been smoking weed for about 2 years now. Have tried HBWD seeds with no luck. Drink very rarely, never gotten too krunk (this will change come 21) 
2975	3	a	Also, this was my FIRST time taking X, I know that it is commonly impure, but round my city people are for the most part pretty trustworthy.  So it was a Friday, and word was that there was some “internet explorer’s” around, never heard of them, but w/e. Anyway I knew 2 people that had a substantial quantity, and I didn’t have anything to do that night so right after school, an old friend (one of those “people”) drove by and picked me up while strolling home.  Cool! I thought, I  didn’t even talk to him that day, and so I knew that this was some kind of a sign from above (or pure luck? Who knows/cares).  Someone wanted me to take X.   So anyway he picked me up, and happened to have the shit on him, I bought 1 pill from him, and I knew enough from my friends the feeling it would give me, but had it exceeded my expectations by far. “You’ll just feel  really, REALLY, good” is what he said.  And with that, he took off, I put the pill in my little drug place. The pill was white, a little thicker than what I thought (double stacked) and had an imprint of the internet explorer icon on it. I never seen or heard of this kind, so I was a little skeptical.  The back had a spacer and a little dot.  So I called my good friend and asked him if he wanted to roll and go party, but he was going out of town for the week.  Lame, I thought, he Is usually my ride everywhere and I usually party with him and a couple others but don’t know them nearly as well.  Anyway, I called yet another and with no luck.  Nothing was really happening so I decided ill just stay at home and roll. I thought this would be a good idea because I’m in a safe environment and I can kinda “feel out” the drug. So about 6pm rolls around and I decide to pop that shit.  I was very excited and in a great mood.
2976	3	a	Btw, I'm not sure what base this pill is, one of the people who had this kind said they *might* be caffeine base, but w/e, it made me roll!
2977	3	a	(6pm)      Baseline- I popped the pill, and I felt as if I just  ventured into something and there was no going back. It was kinda cool to think that I was gonna roll! 
2978	3	a	T+30min   -    Still don’t really feel anything, trying to occupy myself with games, tv, food, because I'm getting very anxious. 
2979	3	a	T+40min  -  I go out on my deck and am still not really feeling anything other then calm and happy. As I sit and enjoy the spring air, wildlife and atmosphere. I just kinda sink into this very relaxed and earthy state. I remain on the deck for the next 15 or so.
2980	3	a	T+45min  - As stated, still on my deck, but something happens. My vision gets sharp as I look at the trees,  I feel like the pleasant breeze just flowed throughout my entire body. This was extremely pleasant. 
2981	3	a	T+50min  -  Enjoying this feeling, and the  nature, and I know that I'm coming up.  Soon It feels as if my mood is a rocket ship, and it blasts off with such an amazing force. VROOOOOSH!!!  I started to feel so incredible words cannot describe it. One must try X before he/she can get any idea of what it truly  feels like.
2982	3	a	T+60min  -  I decide I've been out here on the deck long enough, but I could’ve stayed there all night just  feeling the nature and atmosphere. I start walking to my room and I notice my movement feels a little more….how do I say this….. Robot-ninja. I felt a little clanky, and a slight imbalance, but also very quick and  smooth. I go in my room and check my pupils…. Oh yeah! I'm rollin baby! They were huge. I played some Oakenfold, Tiesto, JedI Mind tricks, TVOTR, and others.  
2983	3	a	T+120min  -  for the past hour or so, I feel like I'm living for the first time, air seems to flow through me, there is not a single bad feeling or mood anywhere, I feel enhanced, reborn, and honest to say, this was probably  my happiest moment in my life. It seemed like my body was stretched, and I was a net, as music, thoughts, insight, and absolute ecstasy (thus the name) went straight through my entire body.  So much energy, so much happiness, I said to my self “Oh my god…”  I was so happy that I could experience such a drug in my lifetime.  And I hold it as a very valuable memory.
2984	3	a	T+200min  - the buzz has slowly started to come down, but not in such an extreme way that all my friends say. For me I was just very calm, and happy. “content” would be a good word.  And I enjoyed the rest of my evening.
2985	3	a	T+260min   -  around  9-10ish, and it seems that it has worn off for the most part, I'm very happy and can’t stop thinking about my experience, but my mood seems to be enhanced.  The comedown was VERY smooth , so smooth, I didn’t really even feel like I came down until the next morning. Speaking of which, the next morning I felt great! Not shitty, like my friend told me.  I was happy to be alive, and had a knewfound  insight to the world and its various beautiful chemicals that were put here to give us an escape to reality, and explore our mind. I think we all need that sometimes. 
2986	3	a	In conclusion, Words are a sorry excuse to describe what a good pill of X can do to one.  I felt as if my sole purpose of living was to experience that exact moment of….well….ecstasy.  I Haven’t done ecstasy since then, but I plan to have many more encounters with this amazing drug.  I hope someone learns something from my experience. 
2987	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2988	3	a	MDMA (3) : Alone (16), Glowing Experiences (4), First Times (2), General (1)
2989	3	a	I am of the rave scene, but I like to be educated on what I do. When I was learning about MDMA before I actually did it, I learned about the phenomenon of 'losing the magic.' After trying MDMA, the possibility of losing the magic seemed absurd, because of the intensely positive experience I had. I did a great deal of MDMA throughout the last half of 2006 and the first half of 2007, on average 2 ecstacy pills once a week, and began to experience a loss of the magic. It just wasnt the same because I knew what was going to happen, what to do to make it better, etc. I went on a long hiatus (July 2007-May 2008) because of a matter I was attending to away from home. Recently I indulged in my old pastime to celebrate my homecoming with a few friends. As would be obvious, my tolerance for the substance had decreased dramatically. Onset of effects occurred after about 20 minutes and one and a half pills, where before it took anywhere from 40 minutes to 2 hours to hit me. My entire experience lasted from 6pm well into the next day. I started coming down around noon the next day. It was an exceptionally laid back experience, rather than being up and talking and dancing I spent most of the time just sitting on the couch positively exited to exist. Everything just seemed exceptionately beautiful. I would assume, after my experience, that a long enough break from MDMA can render one susceptible to all the things they recall being so wondrous from the first time they did it. I hope I am not the only one to be able to recover the magic and I hope this was helpful.
2990	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
2991	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Retrospective / Summary (11), Loss of Magic (34), Various (28)
2992	3	a	This is the report of how a trip went absolutely wrong, and absolutely right. As a foreword: It was my second time taking MDMA, and my boyfriend's first time. I'm a daily cannabis user, I've taken speed. He doesn't smoke weed, or do drugs, but has a high alcohol tolerance.
2993	3	a	7pm: We drop in a park. We're planning to do it in two doses: first 100mg, then 50mg later. The first capsule is swallowed. Excitement. We're with my best friend, a seasoned tripper. So we start shooting the shit. We walk to a giant ceramic lizard and sit there, watching the sun set. 
2994	3	a	7.15pm: My boyfriend's mother calls him, as I'm starting to feel the very first effects of the come up. We have to go see her, and take care of her rats while she's gone for a half hour to get groceries. I start panicking, but as I don't want to ruin his first time I say I'll come with him. As we walk into his apartment, it's about 7.45 pm, and I'm starting to come up. He still doesn't know. I'm freaking out at this moment, but keeping it together. I talk to his mother for 15 minutes, then as I start to lose it, we go into his room. I'm holding a rat. He's awfully, awfully soft. It's beautiful. I sit down on his bed, and feel heat radiating from the rat radiate into me. A few minutes later, we leave his place because he's starting to feel the effects and he gestures to me he can't talk to his mother in such a state. 
2995	3	a	I'm starting to come up really hard by now and I use up my last shreds of straightness to tell his mother that we'll be back late and to have a nice evening. As I'm walking down the stairs, I can feel every step resound in the staircase as if it was a cathedral, every footstep melding with the building. I tell my boyfriend I'm starting to feel it, and by now, so is he. 
2996	3	a	8.30pm: We get to the concert venue to meet up with our friends. This is where it starts to get hectic. We're dancing to acidcore, and I decide to take my second dose, as I want this trip to be intense at this point in time. I tell my boyfriend, and he says he's going to take his second dose. I try to dissuade him, as he's rolling pretty hard at this point. 'Are you sure you want to do this? You might want to wait.' He takes the second dose. We dance. We dance. One with the music, one in the wall of sound, head in the soundbox, the light hitting our eyes like so many glimmering rays. He's hugging his best friend, who has a hard time believing he actually took MDMA. He tells me he's feeling the 'universal love'. 'I'm so happy, so happy, it's all beautiful.' I'm enjoying my roll as well, but I feel calm, subdued. We go downstairs to smoke a joint. We chain-smoke. I have second thoughts about passing him the joint as he isn't used to smoking. Suddenly, he turns to me.
2997	3	a	9.15pm: 'I feel sick. Can we go outside.' We go outside, and he's shaking, he says he feels everything. And everything feels like too much. He starts to retch, and says he wants to vomit. I ask him to describe everything he's feeling to me, to get it off his mind. After a few minutes, he calms down, and he tells me he's really been opened up to the beauty of the world, talking about the two sides of a single coin he's feeling, that the bad of this trip showed him the beauty of it. 
2998	3	a	We stay sitting down as he's rolling too hard to want to move, he's just nodding his head along with the sounds, looking everywhere, like a small child. We call his best friend to tell him he's fine, and we tell him we're really thankful, and he's a good friend. My friends come up to us, and we all sit outside enjoying the fresh air while smoking another joint. At this point, my boyfriend is still rolling too hard, and he's just in the moment. He tells me he feels the present, is in the present, and as I see him I hope he's happy and his friends won't blame me for his bad trip, and he seems to read my mind and says he doesn't regret it. We lose sight of our friends, as I stay with him because he's still too high. A guy in a white panama comes up to us and gives him a block of sugar. He's chewing on his bubble gum harder than ever. My teeth are grinding, but I only had one piece of chewing gum, and he needed it much more than me. Absolutely manic experience. Absolutely psychotic. 
2999	3	a	12am: It's midnight by now. We've come back inside, dancing. I'm starting to come down slowly. We go lie down on a slope that's covered by metal grills that have hot air coming from underneath them. We look at the sky, and the stars. As we let our eyes relax, it seems to be forming patters in the visual snow, spirals and the such. The air feels warm. I hold his hand, and it feels like where his hand is, there's an empty space in my fingers, and that it's part of both him and me. I walk him home.
3000	3	a	1.30am: I am sitting on my windowsill, smoking a joint. Still coming down. He tells me he's made it home fine, and I look up at the stars and observe the remainders of the visuals. I think back on the trip with a new outlook. I feel exhausted mentally, but I feel refreshed, like coming out of a pool on a clear summer day. A memorable day.
3001	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
3002	3	a	MDMA (3) : Difficult Experiences (5), Second Hand Report (42), General (1), Various (28)
3003	3	a	Lemme start this report by saying I'm an 18 year old male. I had been experimenting with multiple substances (Diphenhydramine, DXM, cannabis, adhd meds such as adderall, and many many opiates, almost all). However, nothing ever compared to the first substance I ever took: MDMA.
3004	3	a	I had been taking MDMA for almost 2 years, when this 'trip' occurred. However, I had taken a small break from rolling for about 2 and 1/2 months.
3005	3	a	8:00pm sharp -- ingested a nice clean pill (green dolphin). The pill had been tested by Simon's and Marquis testing kits, and turned the proper colors for both. 
3006	3	a	~ 8:45pm -- My come up was a bit more nauseous than my usual come ups, and I felt like throwing up, however I kept it in. I had suspicions that I had taken a 'pipe' and thought I was in for a bad time. 
3007	3	a	~9:00pm -- I am fully up, and no longer feeling as nauseous. However, I feel as though something was wrong. I was rolling, pretty hard, actually. But something was wrong. I decided to wait it out a whole another hour.
3008	3	a	~10:00 pm -- Nothing really changed much. More eye wiggles. Jaw clenching. Nothing out of the ordinary for MDMA. However, I still felt as though there was just something 'missing.' Very difficult to explain. No rolls previous to this one had been so... 'weird.' I was pretty intoxicated, so no doubt the MDMA had kicked in, and there was in no way a dosage issue. Music felt good, and I felt a bit energetic.
3009	3	a	~11:30pm -- I felt the comedown, a little bit. It was a gradual comedown, most unlike my previous experiences. I felt stimulated and there was no fatigue like I usually felt. I decided to finally just lay down and relax and talk to friends for a bit. I passed multiple hours just waiting for myself to come down completely.
3010	3	a	~4:00pm -- I am no longer stimulated nor feeling the effects.. I feel tired. But still having difficulty going to sleep. I had come to the realization that MDMA had lost it's magic. 
3011	3	a	It's been a few days since the experience and I'm still trying to cope with the fact that the magic is gone for me. I flushed down the rest of my pills and the two capsules of molly. I didn't have a proper hangover, but I did have a slight headache the next day, much like my usual hangovers. It feels odd that most of my friends still have the magic and still maybe rolling, but I guess it's time for me to move onto better things besides experimentation. I am sort of glad this realization came at this time, and I feel bittersweet about it all. Eh. Anyway, just wanted to let people know that for some of us, MDMA does lose it's 'magic.' Something I, myself, did not believe.
3012	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
3013	3	a	In early November, I went with 8 friends to a music festival in a different city. The lineup for the festival was insane - it had dozens of really good trance (which I didn't particularly like at the time) DJs as well as popular Deep House DJs. Having experimented with LSD before, I had been very interested in trying MDMA, which several other friends of mine had told me was an unreal experience. My friends, who had mostly only tried weed before, told me that they were down to roll at the festival, and even better, one of them could get some high-quality MDMA from their dealer.
3014	3	a	On the day of the festival we arrived at my friend's house and before leaving our dealer cancelled on us, leading us to get all depressed. Although we knew the risk that we were going to take, we decided that as we had looked forward to this for so long, we would try and get some MDMA in the festival.  We have already bought some reliable, tested molly for our next roll.
3015	3	a	We got to the festival at about 8PM, and given that it ended at 10AM, we had about 14 hours to rave. We were all in amazing spirits (despite not yet getting molly) and decided to get into the vibe and start dancing before we did so. We were getting lost in the music and in our own company without the MDMA, creating an amazing setting that would make our roll fantastic.
3016	3	a	At about 11PM, me and 4 others detached from the other 4 to try and find some molly. We initially were only able to find 2 'questionable' pills to say the least (the dealer didn't seem very convinced that they were anything, and they seemed too small to be molly) and 2 of my friends decided to take it. I don't think it had any effect on them, as we met another dealer around 20 minutes later and the effects started to hit 1 hour after this original dose. Therefore, we concluded that they bought 'fake molly'. Anyway, we found a dealer whose product seemed more reliable. He told us that the dosage was 150mg and we bought 9 pills, one for each of us that was there. We met up with our other friends and swallowed our pills.
3017	3	a	About 30 minutes later, we realized that it had started to hit. I had done significant amounts of research (together with my friend B - we were sort of taking responsibility for everyone, as we'd done the most research and knew what to expect) but nothing could describe that feeling of pure happiness that overcame me. I know, I know, it sounds stereotypical, but I couldn't stop hugging my friends, SCREAMING at them how much I fucking loved them while the DJs (in the deep house stage) dropped some absolute bangers. We were going mental, feeling an intense amount of love for each other that none of us had ever experienced before. I've never been an amazing dancer (average, I guess) but my body was swaying to every single beat coming out of the speakers. 
3018	3	a	The buildup to the drops began to feel like pure ecstasy, and when the bass started hitting I felt it inside me. I couldn't stop thinking of how much I loved my friends while this was taking place, holding their heads with my hands and kissing them. They would laugh and kiss and hug me back and I had never felt so at peace, so in love with a group of people and in such a part of a 'crew' so to speak. I'd always had troubles finding a close set of friends as I'd moved around 4 times before I was 18, so I kept having to adjust and make new ones. But at this moment, I had never felt more love for anybody in the whole world.
3019	3	a	We stayed in the same place dancing to the music for about half an hour, I remember after the DJ that was playing stopped the music quieted down for a bit. The crowd (which seemed totally united and as one) roared so loud and my friend B turned around and looked at me in the eyes, grinning from ear to ear. I held his head and touched it with mine as we hugged. I told him - 'This is the best night of my life.' and he replied 'I know bro. I know. And it's only midnight.' As it dawned on me that we had 10 more hours of this, I felt like my happiness was unlimited (sorry if I keep repeating this).
3020	3	a	The next DJ to come up was one that we'd been looking forward to the most - Oliver Heldens. I am a HUGE fan of his music, and for me, he is probably my favourite DJ out there. So to see him live, in that state of pure, unimaginable amounts of joy, was crazy for me. His music started playing and I began to shuffle like I'd never danced before, together with my friends B, T and M. I just couldn't stop dancing, I had never felt more liberated and open in my whole life. Some strangers got impressed by our shuffling and decided to make a circle around us, and when I realized and looked up I stared laughing and smiling with everyone. I started talking to them (had to be really loud) while we danced and made some amazing friends. I probably hugged and kissed about 20 strangers, telling them how much I loved them I probably hugged and kissed about 20 strangers, telling them how much I loved them (again sorry if it's repetitive but I just felt so lovey that it's all i could do). I guess I looked pretty messed up cause they'd hug me and laugh and say like 'How much did you take?' and I'd just grin. 
3021	3	a	My friends and I had brought dozens of different party accessories that we were sharing with the crowd, especially some kaleidoscope glasses that I had brought. You'd put them on and the different colours would refract. This, in combination with the lights emanating from the stage, would make every stranger grin as soon as they put them on. I got even more happy based off their reactions, and when I told some girls that had been dancing and talking to us for a while that they could keep using it for a few more minutes (after she gave them back) she kissed me on the lips, I kissed her back. It was funny because it wasn't sexual in any way, I didn't feel aroused at all, I just felt pure love for her.
3022	3	a	Among the many party accessories that we had was a glowing dolphin - you'd press a button and he would start to glow in different colours (red, blue, green). My friend started playing with the dolphin, moving him up and down gently in the way that a dolphin swims, and we were drawn to it like flies to light. It was so captivating; the different lights almost magnetised to our eyes and we felt like it was magical. I (very, very, very sadly) dropped it, and it was an EXTREMELY depressing moment for a few seconds, I felt like crying because of the strong bond that I had made with the dolphin for the past 5 mins (I'd been kissing the dolphin and raising it as my own together with my friends B, T, another T I guess and L). However, L put the parts together, and although it didn't stay, we put the dolphin (Augustus) in his bag and carried him around with us, telling each other that he would live on in our hearts. This put me back in the amazing mood that I was in, and we couldn't get out of it.
3023	3	a	By this point it had been almost 2 hours since we dosed, and we all felt UNREAL. Some of my friends were concerned about redosing and didn't want to do it because of the risks, but me, B, T and M went to find our guy again. Sure enough, he was in the same spot. When we saw him, I ran up to him and almost hugged the dealer out of pure happiness to see him. He laughed. It probably wasn't very smart in hindsight - we're from Brazil and many dealers have a no-nonsense kind of approach) but our guy seemed to be fine with it. We bought some more and headed over to the trance stage with our other friends who had decided not to redose. 
3024	3	a	After this, I don't really have a recollection of the order of events. Everything is like a blur and I have some memory loss - I only know the following because of my own partial (weak) memory, my friends' memories or the very small amount of videos/pics we took.
3025	3	a	The trance stage was unbelievable because although I hadn't liked trance before the festival, I could see how it was perfect for the happy vibe that we were all in, our bodies seemed to devour the long buildups and melodies that were played. Every now and then the DJs would drop some absolute throwbacks that we used to listen to in our childhood and incorporate it into their mixes, and my heart would get so happy from singing to the lyrics that I'd heard 1000 times before. My brain was thinking so quick - I kept thinking to myself, how is it that we listen to these exact songs millions of times before this, but only get wild at festivals? I decided it was the vibe of everyone that was there and the pure love that everyone was showing towards the music. Whenever I conversed with somebody it would be at an incredibly fast pace.
3026	3	a	We made dozens of friends, etc., hugged, danced with random people, the feelings of empathy that we had were unreal. I think at about 4am I got temporarily separated from my friends and felt some anxiety and depression. It was all fine though, despite my phone not having battery, we had set up a meeting point and I found them in 5 minutes which brought back all of my happiness.
3027	3	a	I also remember that there was a point where I was kneeling down, kissing the earth and thanking god-knows-what for having created such an amazing world to live in. I've never been religious and I didn't feel religious then. As I contemplated about what brought about such an amazing world, I realized how lucky we are to be able to live in it. As I kept kneeling, my friends around me started massaging my head and hair and it felt godly - so silk and soft, reinforcing the feelings of love for the earth and my friends that I had.
3028	3	a	The final 'bad' thing about the night was that as I felt so loving towards all my friends, I bought like 20 waters for us and stuffed them into our bags. The bill was like $60 USD (on JUST water). I kind of don't regret it, because I knew they would have done the exact same thing to me at the time if they had thought of it, because we were all just feeling so good. Nonetheless I regretted it the next day, hahaha.
3029	3	a	One final thing I forgot to mention, halfway through the rave some guy came up to me, showed me my own ID and was like 'Are you Dani??' I'm like 'Yeah man, how did you get my ID?' and he told me that he'd been looking for me for 20 minutes because he had found my wallet on the floor with everything else (money, cards, etc.) Never before did I feel so much love for a stranger than I did then. The fact he'd gone out of his way to help me, and that there wasn't a single thing missing (when I had loads of cash inside) restored my absolute faith in humanity. I must have been hugging and thanking the guy for 10 minutes all in all, and him and his friends hung out with us for a bit which was an unbelievable experience and overall an amazing stroke of good luck.
3030	3	a	All in all, I think the MDMA formed a special bond between me and the friends that I went with. We're never going to forget this in our lives and are planning our next roll. I would definitely recommend. Take a testing kit (which we were too stupid to do) and do some research, even though it definitely won't prepare you for it. I also fell in love with the trance scene, and the raving community as a whole much more than I previously did. You could say I made 10,000 best friends that night.
3031	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
3032	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Glowing Experiences (4), Rave / Dance Event (18)
3033	3	a	There were really no preparations made. I showed up at my friends house around 7:30, and we drove to get the Molly, which came in the form of white powder. We came back, I did one line at about 8:00. Felt my first effects at around 8:05. Yes, it hit that fast. I was peaking at about 8:10. Everything was okay, that's how everything around me felt. Love and acceptance of everyone is what I felt. The people I was with and the place I was at, nothing was bad and all the energy I felt was positive. I felt the full effects for around 2 and a half hours and during that time, I was more aware of my body and how things felt around me.
3034	3	a	I was extremely hot so I went outside in the 24 degree weather (remember, it is December) wearing my tank top and boy-shorts, I felt fantastic! My friend on the other hand was having the opposite effects, she had a hoodie, long pants, and a blanket on while we were outside, and I just didn't get it. Me and my friend went home and once the effects had worn off we decided we wanted more, so we had it dropped off and we did another line. We were both disappointed because we didn't go back into that full peaking mode, but we still felt it somewhat all the rest of the night. We didn't get any sleep until around 6:00 A.M. which was okay with us, because we never wanted the experience to end. I felt fine the next day, and that night was something I won't soon forget.
3035	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
3036	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), Small Group (2-9) (17)
3037	3	a	I took the the tab when I knew I had the full day off.  It was a quiet relaxing day.  I played peaceful new age music.  
3038	3	a	After an hour I began to feel very mellow.  Thoughts came to mind about graduate work in philosophy -- feeling that I was one with all and the authors. I got up the courage to get a pop on the main floor of my building.  I ran into two ladies I knew.  I found myself hugging them.  They were quite responsive.  For several hours I had feelings of oneness with the universe, and felt peaceful and relaxed.  I felt as though I could have slept, but didn't want to as I felt so rested and at ease.  
3039	3	a	After five hours of ingestion, I felt the effects diminish.  I slept a solid 8 hours, although I have suffered from insomnia my whole life.  I felt no effects the next day, other than feeling relaxed.  I did, I should add, drank about five glasses of water, and a pop, to stay hydrated.  
3040	3	a	The experience changed my perception of reality.  I now know that it is our purpose on this planet to love, and to act with loving-kindness.  Little things matter, as we are all one.
3041	3	a	I am not a 'quack!'  LOL.  I have a doctorate in the sciences.
3042	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
3043	3	a	MDMA (3) : General (1), First Times (2), Alone (16)
3044	3	a	I took it on an empty stomach.  Took a good hour for the effects to kick in.  I just felt light, warm, peaceful and relaxed.  Planned the day off, and spent it on computer with friends, and listening to music.  Profound sense of peace and relaxation, with concessional tingles throughout my body.  
3045	3	a	After five hours, the feelings diminished.  No discernible after effects other than feeling a bit more tired at night, and consequently sleeping very well.  Next morning was typical, no after effects, but I knew I had to get those feelings again.  Only took 1/2 dose because of my age.  
3046	3	a	One thing -- the onset of high seemed very sudden, though not unpleasant.
3047	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
3048	3	a	Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. Don't do it!] 
3049	3	a	I'll start off with a little background about myself, I'm a 21 year old healthy male.  My previous experience includes daily cannabis use, I've done mushrooms twice, LSD once, DXM twice, and what was supposed to be MDMA once before (it didn’t really count in my mind as I had obtained some tablets that were garbage only lasting about 30 min and just leaving me with an “amphetamine tension” thereafter), and experimentation with a myriad of pharmaceuticals.
3050	3	a	The event had been planned out well in advance as we were going to see the “king of trance”, Tiesto.  I was stoked as he only does a handful of shows in the U.S. Every year and one of those locations was my city.  The concert was to take place at a fairly upscale club in the downtown of our city.  Being sort an experienced psychonaut and having read all there is to know about a vast number of psychedelic substances.  I wanted to have the best experience for myself and my partner in “mind expansion research”, the Dr. Gonzo to my Raoul Duke, we’ll call him M.  I had acquired a hook up of some supposed high quality tablets of MDMA that were known around here as “orange maseratis”, as they were orange and had the Maserati symbol (a trident) stamped on them.  We were going to be going with some female companions, we’ll call them J and L.  I had advised everyone to, that morning, start drinking plenty of water and gave them one multivitamin and one 100mg 5-HTP capsule to be taken that morning.
3051	3	a	The time came for us to leave so M and I went thru our usual ritual and blew a couple bowls of some cannabis (nothing but that hi-grade hydro green-green of course!).  After this we set out to meet up with the girls, we met up and drove to the location, seeing a good crowd I was stoked to be in the traditional “rave” atmosphere.
3052	3	a	We parked the car and we all popped one of the orange maseratis each, I had one tablet left for a boost for M and I.  We got to the club and the line was around the corner, we waited in line for approximately 10min until someone told us we didn’t have to wait as we had already purchased out tickets online.  M and I had “general admission” tickets and J and L had “VIP” tickets, so being stoked we decided to go in through the “VIP” entrance right behind J and L.  The doorman had his eyes all over J and L and M and I slid right past him and into the “VIP” area, we were super stoked as we had just saved about $30 since we had just regular tickets. 
3053	3	a	It was approximately 10pm when we entered and started walking around to gain perspective on our surroundings and to find a place to post up.  I was at the bar asking for a cup of water as I felt the first effects I just felt light and ethereal, it kinda felt like I was in a negative pressure environment.  Just then M came up behind me and handed me a bottled water and I felt this sensation of pure euphoria radiate from my Mesencephalon all the way down to the distal end of my spinal cord and subsequently out through the accessory nerves and sympathetic ganglia.  I knew this was gonna be good night.  Just as Tiesto was being introduced it hit me in full force as M and I were in the crowd throwing up our hands to welcome Tiesto, everything felt so good, I felt good to throw my hands up and just move and dance around.  I don’t really know how long we were there watching before we went back to the couches where J and L were clearly feeling it and probably a lot harder as they only weight about 110-115lbs each.  I talked to J and asked her if she was ok and she said “yea dude” I could tell by the look on her face she was peachy keen.
3054	3	a	After cooling off (as it was really hot in the main room) M and I returned to the main room and started dancing around and jamming to Tiesto (I love his music, I feel like it speaks to my soul!). Just then this guy wearing a hat that looked like the “Mad Hatters” hat from Alice in Wonderland approached us and he had a glove on one hand that had different colored lights on each finger and on the other a glove that had small vibrating squares down the entire palmer surface of the hand.  He then rubbed up and down my back with the vibrating one and held the one with lights in front of my face and moved his fingers. Normally this would been weird for me (a random dude putting his hands on me) but under the empathogenic effects of the gift from Dr. Shulgin, I didn’t care, the sensation was extremely pleasant.
3055	3	a	After dancing around for a while we again returned to the couches where I sat on one arms outstretched with the A/C blowing on me (I was drenched in sweat) I closed my eyes and took a deep breath and let it out.  This was one of the most pleasurable sensations I have ever felt, it felt exactly like the moments after a great orgasm, I was just enthralled by the experience and the deluge of pleasurable sensations, it was clear that these were some clean rolls (very little amphetamine cut if any).  I looked at J and L and they too had similar orgasmic looks on their faces, I talked to J for a bit, I don’t remember exactly what was said but I assume it was along the lines of how good we felt, M was sitting next to me and we too started talking and he told me he didn’t want the feeling to end (as I had told him he’d be saying that since this was to be his first MDMA experience).  It was incredible I felt so in tune and connected to everyone I talked to.  I started talking to some random people that were sitting next to us and they became our “single serving friends”  they too had popped some of the maseratis and were in similar ecstatic mind frames.  However one of the people they were with didn’t look so good and being fairly well versed in the effects of MDMA and being a nursing student asked him if he was alright.  He replied yes but his face told a different story, I asked him how much he took and he said that he had popped THREE of the maseratis, judging from my level of  glorious intoxication I knew that this guy was out to lunch.  He looked flushed and had this blank/focused look on his face, I told him I was a nurse (in an effort to make him feel better) and to just relax and I gave him my full water bottle which he promptly downed, M then gave him his which he also downed.  He looked like he desperately needed hydration so M gave him his bottle and got another one, a little while later he looked better and seemed to be enjoying himself which gave me a great sense of accomplishment as I had just helped a person in need.
3056	3	a	At this time M and I had conversed and decided we had better each pop another half (approximately T: +1hrs45min) we went to the restroom and did just that.  We again resumed dancing and walking around enjoying this experience of pure sensory bliss, I felt that rush of pure euphoria again and I swear I could feel it through every nerve in my body, it was absolutely amazing I felt so connected and in tune (those are the only words I can think of to describe it).  We then went back to the couches where J and L were still there looking like they had melted into the couch, still with the orgasmic looks on their faces.  We talked to our “single serving friend” and M asked him if he knew where to get another pill to which he replied “for sure!” I gave M a 20 and off he went to purchase another tablet of pure chemical bliss.  He returned and it ended up being another orange maserati! I was hyped, immediately we returned to the bathroom and popped another half each (approximately T:+2hrs30min) .  We then went with our new friend out to the patio to smoke a cigarette which was amazing, I felt just so incredibly great (I'm sorry I cant be more specific, psychedelics are subjective ;-) )  We returned to the inside and listened to Tiesto finish up his set, it was the perfect time and place to indulge in MDMA, the lights, the music, the people, all of it perfect.  After a while it became time to leave ( at about 3am) so we all left the club and the walk back to the car was interesting the orange glow of the sodium vapor lamps of the street had a beautiful glow to them and everything appeared to be in high definition, as I was walking I felt like I was the Man Of Steel and could do anything, it was great.  I got a tad paranoid as we walked past a few police officers and saw a person getting the 3rd degree from one on the top level of the parking structure where we had parked our car, but this subsided after we left.  M, J, and I piled into M’s car (L rode with someone else) and proceeded to drive to drop J off and back to my pad to smoke some more of that hydro green-green.  We were still somewhat rollin but composed enough to drive, I made sure of it.
3057	3	a	In conclusion this was the perfect MDMA experience in my mind and I had a hell of a time, as did everyone else.  We really enjoyed seeing one of our favorite artist in the mind set that trance was made to be listened to in.  I've had nothing but positive enlightening and uplifting experiences with this substance, but I remember to treat all psychedelics with great respect they are powerful tools that can be great if used properly (in other words use, don’t ab-use).  All I have to say is thank you Dr. Shulgin, if it weren’t for him we would not have this wonderful chemical.
3058	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
3059	3	a	MDMA (3) : Rave / Dance Event (18), Glowing Experiences (4), General (1)
3060	3	a	I have done molly at least ten times. The first time I was really nervous. I wasn't really sure what the high was going to be like. So I took two capsules. It took about 20 minutes to kick in, and I was surprised by what it was like. 
3061	3	a	I started to slowly become more talkative (in a good way). I was in a happier mood. I was nicer. I could literally walk up to anyone and start a conversation with them (and still seem normal). To other people, I just seemed like a happy and outgoing girl. 
3062	3	a	On molly, I wasn't mean at all. If someone said anything that was even a little bit mean, I would say 'hey, that's not very nice.' I was also very forgiving on molly. Not only was I forgiving, but I always shared my feelings toward others that were deep inside me that I wasn't even able to realize existed until I was on molly. They were always nice feelings too. 
3063	3	a	I wouldn't really say that you can get 'high' on molly because in my opinion, being high is like being fucked up. Not like drunk out of your mind or anything, just a little more crazy or out of control. If you think that molly is going to get you fucked, you're wrong. Molly simply just puts you in a better mood. And I'm not saying that it is boring. Because it is actually the complete opposite. 
3064	3	a	On molly I am able to have fun doing absolutely nothing. I would just recommend having someone with you or having someone to talk to even if it is over a phone because on molly you think a lot and will want to talk to someone and share your thoughts and stuff with. 
3065	3	a	Molly just makes me a more outgoing and outspoken person. I want to be involved with groups of people and just be around people so I can be the 'outgoing' person I want to be. 
3066	3	a	Do not take all of the capsules at once. My first time I took 2, then when that started to wear off I took the third. Then the rest of the times I have done it, I took one, waited like 30 minutes, took the 2nd, waited about 35-50 minutes and then took the third. You can really take as many as you want as long as they are spaced out. The molly I got was usually $15 per capsule but sometimes was $20. 
3067	3	a	If you are going to do molly, have fun and be safe!!
3068	3	a	[ View as PDF (for printing) ] [ View as LaTeX (for geeks) ]
3069	3	a	MDMA (3) : Large Group (10+) (19), Retrospective / Summary (11), General (1)
3070	3	a	I was first introduced to Ecstasy in the spring of 2007, while recovering from a car accident that was nearly fatal and left my facial features permanently disfigured. A friend suggested I go to a rave with him, and while I had no interest in drugs I decided to go just to see what a rave was like. Shortly after arriving, I decided this just wasn't for me, and knowing the friend was my ride home and would stay til it ended I said eh what the hell and asked him for a pill. This single experience, which will be described in another experience report, forever changed the course of my life. I had been struggling to overcome the memories and the pain caused from the accident, was very depressed and sometimes wished the wreck had done me in. MDMA opened me to emotions and feelings I hadn't felt since the wreck and feared I would never feel again, and reminded me who I was as a person. An interest in psychedelics was born, and shortly thereafter I stumbled upon an article about MDMA psychotherapy. Having recovered from a depressed slump caused by post-traumatic stress while using this substance, I studied the principles of MDMA-assisted psychotherapy heavily over the next couple years. Several friends over the years, after hearing me talk about the subject, expressed interest in going thru an MDMA therapy session of their own, and using my knowledge I have obliged in a few cases, acting as the therapist. The following report is about my most recent experience performing psychedelic therapy, an experience I feel important to share. The weight, age, substance and dosage are those of the young woman receiving the therapy, not of the therapist, as this report is of her experience from my point of view.
3071	3	a	My friend Holly has been going through an extremely difficult time in her life. She's 19, mother to a 3-month old girl, and living with her parents after leaving the baby's father. We hadn't talked in nearly 2 years at this point, her ex having told her she couldn't talk to any other guys, and by the time of this session we had only been talking again for maybe 2 weeks. Holly is a beautiful young woman and I remembered seeing her once at a rave so I felt obligated to tell her about MDMA psychotherapy. We discussed it and once I let her know I was comfortable with playing the role of therapist she told me she wanted to give it a shot. We decided on doing it a few days after Halloween while her baby was with the father. I obtained 300 mgs of molly, 150 mgs each, which I reagent tested and knew was extremely pure, and on Nov. 2nd picked her up right before midnight. At this point, our adventurous night together began.
3072	3	a	I showed her the capsules and then we began driving towards a nearby canyon I was rather fond of. The canyon was closed, so we then turned around and headed for a different canyon, one with several ski resorts and which I knew had a road which led over the mountain to Park City. During this drive we talked about the usual things friends talk about, then before reaching the canyon she asked how this therapy session was going to work. I asked her what she wanted to accomplish through this therapy session, she responded by saying she wanted to know what she should do about the relationship with her ex, and whether or not to keep their baby or give her up for adoption. Putting it simply, I told her to remember those goals and that when the MDMA began taking effect to bring the subjects up when she felt ready. The canyon to Park City was surprisingly open, and I let her take her capsule right as we began the journey over. 
3073	3	a	+0:00. We drove through the icy canyon to Park City. She said she wasn't feeling anything yet.
3074	3	a	+0:40. We stopped to get gas in Park City, at which time I chose to take my dose of MDMA. We began the journey back through the canyon. However, the road was too icy, so we turned to head back to Park City.
3075	3	a	+1:05. After driving barely a mile back toward Park City, the MDMA hit us both and hit us hard. Having a hard time focusing on driving, I pulled over into a small lookout until the rush passed. I had recently purchased a pair of crystal Poi and brought them out, and we played around with those for a little while. 
3076	3	a	+1:30. Once I felt okay driving again, we continued the journey back to Park City. During the drive down, our therapy session began.
3077	3	a	Driving while intoxicated, tripping, or extremely sleep deprived is dangerous and irresponsible because it endangers other people. Don't do it!] 
3078	3	a	+1:40. While driving down the canyon, Holly began talking about how her and her ex first met. Immediately, I turned the radio off and listened intently. They met during her senior year in high school, at a time where she partied a lot and was with a lot of different guys. As the story went on, I came to learn just how much this guy did for her, supporting her through an alcohol problem and staying with her despite being cheated on several times. At the time, she didn't really know how bad it hurt him when she cheated, a fact she'd told me on several occasions, and over time she stopped cheating and learned how to be in a relationship. She became pregnant, and though adoption was discussed they chose to keep the baby. 
3079	3	a	+2:00. As she told me about their past, I noticed that both her voice and facial expressions were very blank, almost like she were possessed by these memories. We got to this point when suddenly she began telling me what she called 'realizations,' connecting these memories to her current personal values and realizing the values she now has came in large part from being with him. We talked about this more, but then realized we were in an unfamiliar neighborhood and tried to get back on the canyon road.
